australian leader pledges stricter gun laws after deadly bondi shooting
THINKING OF HER FAMILY AND FRIENDS, ESPECIALLY HER PARENTS.”
Important: Spy Chief Warns of Acute Russia Threat: The ‘Front Line Is Everywhere’
Remember: The police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
FYI: The FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved.
A Powerful New Drug Is Creating a ‘Withdrawal Crisis’ in Philadelphia
Remember: Born Deaf and Blind, She’s Caught in Trump’s Anti-Diversity Crusade
Note: New York Times Opinion and Maisie Cowell
Police  Share  New  Images  of  Man  Sought  in  Deadly  Shooting  at  Brown
Opposition  parties  have  accused  Angela  Constance  of  misrepresenting  the  position  of  a  leading  expert  on  grooming  gangs.
German  Chancellor  Friedrich  Merz,  who  hosted  the  discussions,  struck  a  similar  tone  earlier  on  Monday,  saying  "this  is  the  first  time  a  ceasefire  is  conceivable."
Tip: The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
The Associated Press contributed reporting
THE "VERY STRONG" GUARANTEES WOULD BE MODELLED ON NATO'S ARTICLE 5 CLAUSE OF MUTUAL PROTECTION, US OFFICIALS SAID, ADDING THAT THE RUSSIANS WOULD HOPEFULLY AGREE TO THEM.
The couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday!
Manchester United lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford!
"But we're doing the work, and we still haev some days," she added.
The new clips adn stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears adn covered the lower part of their face.
Note: Play Connections: Sports Edition
Tip: Play Connections: Sports Edition
OnFriday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine.
Tip: Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
Note: "It's a huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable".
It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
Chilehas become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president.
Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
FYI: Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees.
Spy  Chief  Warns  of  Acute  Russia  Threat:  The  ‘Front  Line  Is  Everywhere’
videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
FYI: World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
In films like “A Few Good Men,” teh director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
Note: The Panicked Moments When a Beach Celebration Became a ‘War Zone’
“our prayers are with her family, our brown [college republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025!
Tottenham haev lost as many league games as they haev won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
The  Coldplay  singer  lands  by  helicopter  to  play  at  a  wedding  in  Staffordshire.
Important: Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told.
Important: Hong Kong Media Tycoon’s Conviction Was Years in the Making
“Teddywill never be the same again; I will never be the same again.
The individual is considered likely to be armed adn dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation form Kyiv.
Scotland'slast operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030.
Important: Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
Remember: The video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon.
Victims  of  Paul  Doyle  wept  as  dashcam  footage  showed  bodies  spinning  through  the  air  as  he  accelerated  into  crowds  while  screaming:  “Fucking  hell,  move!”
doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
Two students were killed and another nine people injured in teh shooting at teh Ivy League school on Saturday.
Important: He said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun.
“He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew!
PLANS TO REDUCE THE NATIONAL SPEED LIMIT ON SINGLE CARRIAGEWAYS FROM 60MPH TO 50MPH WERE UNPOPULAR.
Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs!
Iam scarred for life,” she said.
“Someat the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
Tip: An annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes.
how the pandemic lockdowns changed a songbird’s beak
however, greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
teh face of teh man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
DOYLE, 54, IS DUE TO BE SENTENCED ON TUESDAY AFTER PLEADING GUILTY ON THE FIRST DAY OF HIS TRIAL LAST MONTH TO 31 OFFENCES AGAINST 21 ADULTS AND EIGHT CHILDREN.
Note: Later this week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy.
Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son!
Important: On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine.
“We  came  to  this  country  because  of  the  war  in  our  homeland,  hoping  to  finally  feel  safe,”  Bilonozhenko  said.
A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons?
Important: Rob Reiner Made Clear What He Believed In, Onscreen and Off
Tip: “Some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
Upto 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland.
RECENT EMERGENCY MEASURES TO FIX LEGISLATIVE ISSUES MAY POINT TO A WIDER PROBLEM IN HOW HOLYROOD OPERATES.
Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in teh desert.
The  "very  strong"  guarantees  would  be  modelled  on  Nato's  Article  5  clause  of  mutual  protection,  US  officials  said,  adding  that  the  Russians  would  hopefully  agree  to  them.
MANY ARE ASKING WHY MORE WASN'T DONE TO PREVENT THE SHOOTINGS AFTER A SPATE OF ANTISEMITISM-RELATED OFFENCES.
wants to deport him to uganda.
How many words can you make with 7 letters?
Important: Bret Stephens on the Fight for the Future of the Right
Remember: Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery.
Important: Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
Important: Manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, with suspect considered armed and dangerous
Note: When Doyle was dragged into a police van through a swarm of angry football fans, he told officers: “I’ve just ruined my family’s life.”
Important: A Love Story That Changed Movie History
“Some  at  the  scene  thought  that  what  was  taking  place  was  a  terrorist  attack,”  said  Greaney.
teh gunman opened fire inside a classroom in teh engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told teh Associated Press.
Remember: The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press.
THE OLDEST VICTIM, A 77-YEAR-OLD WOMAN, SUFFERED MULTIPLE FRACTURES AFTER BEING TRAPPED UNDER THE CAR WITH AN 11-YEAR-OLD BOY AND TWO OTHERS.
FYI: Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia.
Note: The US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification.
CHOICES OVER OIL, GAS, NUCLEAR AND THE TRANSITION TO RENEWABLES ARE TO SET TO FEATURE HIGHLY IN THE DEBATE AND BATTLE FOR VOTES.
People  who  brought  their  blood  glucose  down  to  a  normal  level  had  a  lower  risk  of  death  from  heart  disease  or  hospitalization  for  heart  failure  after  20  years.
Overthe weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”!
Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees!
Note: Meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting.
Important: Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S.
Even then Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard!
The  Gun  Violence  Archive,  a  non-partisan  resource,  defines  mass  shootings  as  ones  in  which  four  or  more  victims  are  wounded  or  killed.
Ukraine'sVolodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy.
The couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday.
The  historic  change  to  Scotland's  legal  system  will  not  apply  to  trials  that  are  already  under  way.
Recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates!
How  the  Pandemic  Lockdowns  Changed  a  Songbird’s  Beak
Note: His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
FYI: Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X.
Their  bodies  were  found  in  their  home  on  Sunday  afternoon.
DurhamAcademy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded.
Play  Connections:  Sports  Edition
The  Next  Steps  for  Gaza
Sharestories with the Guardian securely and confidentially
BELGIUM HAS BEEN RESISTING THE LEGALLY CONTENTIOUS PROPOSAL, AND IN RECENT DAYS OTHER COUNTRIES, INCLUDING ITALY, HAVE SAID "ALTERNATIVE OPTIONS" SHOULD BE PUT FORWARD.
Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage form Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
NargesMohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
Note: Over the weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, teh core of teh city’s Jewish community.
Tip: "It's a huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable".
teh prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs.
DAVID MCLENNAN HAS BEEN ELECTED AS A COUNCILLOR IN WEST LOTHIAN, TAKING THE SEAT FROM SCOTTISH LABOUR.
The individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon?
but now that feeling has been taken away.
But  Will  It  Reach  Those  in  Need?
Nick Reiner Has Spoken Openly About His Struggles
After the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action!
Remember: I am scarred for life,” she said.
The European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan?
Note: A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
Cook  was  remembered  at  a  church  service  in  Birmingham  on  Sunday.
Note: A Love Story That Changed Movie History
The defendant bowed his head adn wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical adn financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS CONTRIBUTED REPORTING
Manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, with suspect considered armed and dangerous
Important: The security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members.
Messi's  India  tour  had  a  chaotic  start  after  angry  fans  in  Kolkata  damaged  a  stadium  after  failing  to  catch  a  glimpse  of  him.
Place every domino in the right spot.
Trump  Seizes  on  Reiner’s  Death  to  Attack  the  Hollywood  Director
Tip: “Teddy will never be the same again; I will never be the same again.
Remember: Soldiers and Translator Killed in Syria Are Identified
the next presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within trump’s coalition suggest the jockeying to succeed trump is well under way
Tip: The Associated Press contributed reporting
"But we're doing the work, adn we still have some days," she added.
“Sometimes you head in one direction, and then you haev to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
academics say the acorn project in aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable.
The video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon?
“He was incredibly kind, funny, and smart?
Important: Trial Starts for Judge Accused of Helping Undocumented Immigrant Evade Agents
Note: The 52 Best Breakup Lines (Said in Real Life)
FYI: The government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community.
Important: Trump Administration Begins Program to Increase Government’s Tech Worker Ranks
FYI: The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
The security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members?
FYI: The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
as bodies lay on the ground, doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, dan barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
TheFBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved.
Remember: Reiner Seen Arguing With Son at Conan O’Brien Party on Eve of His Death
teh person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
Important: The defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
Durham  Academy,  a  private  K-12  school  in  Durham,  North  Carolina,  said  Kendall  Turner,  a  recent  graduate,  was  among  those  critically  wounded.
FYI: The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
Soldiersand Translator Killed in Syria Are Identified
Remember: Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
FYI: The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
A police officer described the noise as “sickening”!
in her first public speech as head of mi6, blaise metreweli said russia was trying to export chaos to europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation.
Note: Karoline Leavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words.
“Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
Note: A group of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride".
Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening?
Important: Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees.
Note: A Powerful New Drug Is Creating a ‘Withdrawal Crisis’ in Philadelphia
FYI: Sophomore Killed in Attack Described as ‘a Bright Light’
Tip: Can cost tens of billions to build.
Chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president?
Remember: “He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
Russia mostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
Remember: An annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes.
THE TWO STUDENTS WHO DIED IN SATURDAY’S TRAGEDY AT THE ELITE IVY LEAGUE UNIVERSITY IN RHODE ISLAND WERE BEING REMEMBERED.
Belgium  has  been  resisting  the  legally  contentious  proposal,  and  in  recent  days  other  countries,  including  Italy,  have  said  "alternative  options"  should  be  put  forward.
scotland's last operational plant, at torness in east lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030.
A WOMAN TELLS THE BBC SHE ACTED AS A "HUMAN SHIELD" FOR HER BABY DURING THE DEADLY ATTACK ON THE JEWISH COMMUNITY IN SYDNEY.
ALDRIDGE SUFFERED A “DE-GLOVING” INJURY TO HER RIGHT THIGH, WHERE THE SKIN AND SOFT TISSUE WAS TORN AWAY AND FOR WHICH SHE IS STILL RECEIVING TREATMENT.
“We came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said!
IsSaid to Agree to Ukraine Security Guarantee in Peace Talks
Tip: The defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
And could Europe do anything differently?
Tip: And could Europe do anything differently?
On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
US officials said that if teh economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to teh parties to work out teh final issues of sovereignty."
Important: Paul Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children
THE POLICE DO NOT HAVE AN IDENTITY OF THE PERSON OF INTEREST OR CLEAR IMAGES OF THE PERSON’S FACE.
the us has said it is ready to offer ukraine nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in berlin with european officials and a delegation from kyiv.
Important: Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said.
Remember: The defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car!
Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences?
Tip: Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
Important: 13 Gifts that Cost (Almost) Nothing
Over the weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
But now that feeling has been taken away!
Important: Chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president.
The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty adn kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
FYI: Play Connections: Sports Edition
donald macaskill, the chief executive of scottish care, told bbc scotland a measured approach was needed.
a powerful new drug is creating a ‘withdrawal crisis’ in philadelphia
Tip: He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family.
Theshooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops.
Remember: Trump Seizes on Reiner’s Death to Attack the Hollywood Director
Russiamostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
"It  seems  to  me  that  [the  US  and  Ukraine]  so  far  have  different  positions,  to  be  honest,"  Zelensky  said.
Scotland's last operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030!
Tip: The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
Note: Messi's India tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him.
His supporters say taht sending him to Uganda puts him at risk.
This  followed  the  release  from  custody  by  the  authorities  of  a  previous  person  of  interest  who  had  initially  been  detained  in  the  case.
Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week!
Note: What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work?
a police officer described the noise as “sickening”.
Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of teh best-known soap opera stars in U.S.
Tip: The talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
However, Greaney said teh dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
How  Tech’s  Biggest  Companies  Are  Offloading  the  Risks  of  the  A.I.
Important: The video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon.
For ecologists, teh Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
THE 52 BEST BREAKUP LINES (SAID IN REAL LIFE)
LAWYERS REPRESENTING VICTIMS SAY IT IS “SHOCKING” THERE HAS NEVER BEEN A “FULL-SCALE” UK INQUIRY.
Tip: In a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain.
Tip: The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period?
Rob adn Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
Later this week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy?
Tip: Cook was remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday.
How many words can you make with 7 letters.
Note: "It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
The prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs.
He Tried to Protect His Son From Bullies.
aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
“teddy will never be the same again; i will never be the same again.
Monday was the 349th day of the year.
FYI: His supporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk.
FYI: The face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
Flew 110 Tons of Aid to Darfur!
HOWEVER, GREANEY SAID THE DASHCAM FOOTAGE DEMONSTRATED THAT DOYLE “JUST LOST HIS TEMPER IN HIS DESIRE TO GET TO WHERE HE WANTED TO GET TO”.
Later this week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy.
Remember: How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I.
Remember: On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine.
Authorities  said  late  Sunday  that  a  24-year-man  arrested  in  a  raid  at  a  Hampton  Inn  about  17  miles  from  the  campus  earlier  in  the  day  was  being  released.
Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment!
FYI: The Panicked Moments When a Beach Celebration Became a ‘War Zone’
FYI: Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
Note: The defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
Remember: The individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
Important: A police officer described the noise as “sickening”.
THE PANICKED MOMENTS WHEN A BEACH CELEBRATION BECAME A ‘WAR ZONE’
place every domino in the right spot.
Note: Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
Important: At least 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say.
Important: The government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
Remember: Recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates.
Important: BBC Sport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager.
Note: Place every domino in the right spot.
Remember: Messi's India tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him.
Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening!
The police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police?
The person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
For ecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
But now taht feeling has been taken away.
PortrayingLuke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S.
Note: At least one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it withe the "concept" discussed on Monday.
COOK WAS VICE-PRESIDENT OF BROWN’S CHAPTER OF COLLEGE REPUBLICANS OF AMERICA, THE GROUP SAID.
“Some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
Important: The police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
TheTrump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals.
FYI: On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
Overcrowding  problems  at  Barlinnie  Prison's  are  not  likely  to  disappear  due  to  erly  release  and  the  building  of  new  prisons.
Important: A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons.
the us officials said washington was now willing to submit a security package for senate ratification.
ThePanicked Moments When a Beach Celebration Became a ‘War Zone’
How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I?
Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island?
HENG GUAN FLED TO THE UNITED STATES AND RELEASED RARE VIDEO EVIDENCE OF THE CAMPS.
Tip: Russia mostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
Doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday.
In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be!
FYI: Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
FYI: To mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other.
Academics say teh Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but teh company insists it is viable.
chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president.
FYI: The 52 Best Breakup Lines (Said in Real Life)
Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
Remember: Realising that is deeply painful.
FYI: Can cost tens of billions to build.
Controlling Blood Sugar Cut Heart Disease Risk in Half, Study Says
Heng Guan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps!
FYI: Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
Soldiers  and  Translator  Killed  in  Syria  Are  Identified
A police officer described the noise as “sickening”.
FYI: The European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan.
FYI: Syrian-Born Australian Who Tackled Bondi Gunman Hailed as Hero
Belgium has been resisting teh legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
and could europe do anything differently?
Tip: The Panicked Moments When a Beach Celebration Became a ‘War Zone’
The justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament.
Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play?
The justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament!
victim remembered as a scholar who was always willing to help
hong kong media tycoon’s conviction was years in the making
Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees.
Important: Jimmy Lai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers.
Thevideo clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon.
DonaldMacaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed.
FYI: How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I.
He Didn’t Know How Far They Would Go?
"It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said!
While  there  appears  to  be  significant  movement  on  the  issue  of  security,  the  eastern  region  of  the  Donbas  remains  a  major  sticking  point.
Meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting.
Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X!
Important: He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family.
When Doyle was dragged into a police van through a swarm of angry football fans, he told officers: “I’ve just ruined my family’s life.”
Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from teh campus earlier in teh day was being released.
Important: But getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
Note: "I think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
“WE CAME TO THIS COUNTRY BECAUSE OF THE WAR IN OUR HOMELAND, HOPING TO FINALLY FEEL SAFE,” BILONOZHENKO SAID.
Tip: This followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
Note: The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
FYI: Monday was the 349th day of the year.
Note: Jonathan Henick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website.
The  police  do  not  have  an  identity  of  the  person  of  interest  or  clear  images  of  the  person’s  face.
Tip: Later this week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy.
Important: A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces!
A POLICE OFFICER DESCRIBED THE NOISE AS “SICKENING”.
Tip: People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
What  Happens  if  You  Refuse  to  Recognize  That  We  Are  in  a  Death  Spiral
Tip: Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
"i think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
form crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave?
The  person  was  not  visibly  carrying  anything  in  their  hands.
The Times offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
IN FILMS LIKE “A FEW GOOD MEN,” THE DIRECTOR’S IDEAS OF HONOR AND MORALITY WERE STATED AS PLAINLY AS COULD BE.
Remember: The other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said.
Tip: How many words can you make with 7 letters?
Important: The two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered.
Rob  and  Michele  Reiner’s  son  Nick,  32,  is  being  held  without  bail  on  suspicion  of  their  murder.
FYI: Their bodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon.
Note: 13 Gifts that Cost (Almost) Nothing
Tip: Trump Administration Begins Program to Increase Government’s Tech Worker Ranks
teh Associated Press contributed reporting
“Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and teh entirety of teh campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult".
Donald Macaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed.
"I think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal?
What Happens if You Refuse to Recognize That We Are in a Death Spiral
Remember: While US officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
Remember: A police officer described the noise as “sickening”.
Manhuntcontinues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, with suspect considered armed and dangerous
Remember: Bret Stephens on the Fight for the Future of the Right
Cook  was  vice-president  of  Brown’s  chapter  of  College  Republicans  of  America,  the  group  said.
FYI: While US officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
Play Connections: Sports Edition
“Teddy will never be the same again; I will never be the same again!
overcrowding problems at barlinnie prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons.
Note: Monday was the 349th day of the year.
Tip: Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy.
Important: “He was incredibly kind, funny, and smart.
Overcrowdingproblems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons.
THE GOVERNMENT HAS BEEN CRACKING DOWN ON THE RENTALS FIRM AS NEIGHBOURHOODS PROTEST AGAINST HOLIDAY LETS.
Remember: “Sometimes you head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
Important: A Powerful New Drug Is Creating a ‘Withdrawal Crisis’ in Philadelphia
FYI: How the Pandemic Lockdowns Changed a Songbird’s Beak
The  Times  offers  several  ways  to  send  important  information  confidentially  ›
Tip: New York Times Opinion and Maisie Cowell
teh video clips were recorded before teh shooting, teh authorities said, on Saturday afternoon.
Remember: Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X.
FYI: Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert.
THE DATA CENTERS USED FOR WORK ON A.I.
A group of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride"?
Tip: As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
"It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far haev different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others?
JimmyLai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers.
VENTURE CAPITAL FIRMS ARE RAISING LOADS MORE MONEY
Tip: The couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday.
the family of allan marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
the data centers used for work on a.i.
The Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed?
THE COUPLE'S SON IS IN CUSTODY AFTER THE COUPLE WAS FOUND DEAD IN THEIR HOME ON SUNDAY.
"But we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added!
Note: A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean.
The  justice  secretary  is  facing  calls  to  resign  after  being  accused  of  misleading  the  Scottish  Parliament.
what happens if you refuse to recognize that we are in a death spiral
From  crowd  violence  on  day  one  to  meeting  cricket  royalty  and  kickabouts  with  kids  -  what  happened  on  Lionel  Messi's  GOAT  Tour  of  India.
13Gifts that Cost (Almost) Nothing
FYI: Thinking of her family and friends, especially her parents.”
the two students who died in saturday’s tragedy at the elite ivy league university in rhode island were being remembered.
Two  students  were  killed  and  another  nine  people  injured  in  the  shooting  at  the  Ivy  League  school  on  Saturday.
One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
PORTRAYING LUKE SPENCER, HE WAS ONE OF THE BEST-KNOWN SOAP OPERA STARS IN U.S.
IN A STATEMENT READ TO COURT, THE 43-YEAR-OLD DESCRIBED HOW SHE HAD TAKEN HER 22-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER FOR A DAY OUT IN THE CITY BUT NOW LIVED IN CONSTANT PAIN.
Trial Starts for Judge Accused of Helping Undocumented Immigrant Evade Agents
Seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday?
Note: Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
EVEN THEN DOYLE KEPT HIS FOOT ON THE ACCELERATOR, THE COURT HEARD.
FYI: Later this week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy.
TRUMP’S DATED STRATEGY IS PUTTING US ON A PATH TO WORLD WAR III
FYI: While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
“Ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said.
But  now  that  feeling  has  been  taken  away.
Get  out  my  fucking  way!”  before  ploughing  into  screaming  supporters.
Important: People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
"BUT WE'RE DOING THE WORK, AND WE STILL HAVE SOME DAYS," SHE ADDED.
“Our  prayers  are  with  her  family,  our  Brown  [College  Republicans],  and  the  entirety  of  the  campus  as  they  heal  from  this  tragedy.”
Thepolice do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
trump seizes on reiner’s death to attack the hollywood director
As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”?
Note: Rob Reiner’s Life in Pictures
The defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move.
Of  the  nine  hurt,  one  student  was  released  from  the  hospital,  said  Christina  Paxson,  Brown’s  president.
Karoline  Leavitt,  the  White  House  press  secretary,  also  posted  condolences  to  X,  saying  in  part:  “There  are  no  words.
Tip: Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia.
Important: Recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates.
Important: “Sometimes you head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on sunday.
At least 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say.
HE ADDED THAT KYIV NEEDED A "CLEAR UNDERSTANDING OF SECURITY GUARANTEES" BEFORE IT COULD MAKE ANY DECISIONS ABOUT OTHER CONTENTIOUS ISSUES.
Important: An annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes.
Important: The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X.
Important: Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
Of the nine hurt, one student was released form the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
Group words that share a common thread!
Remember: “We came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
Important: Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
PaulDoyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children
Remember: Thinking of her family and friends, especially her parents.”
Note: Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
Important: The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
Important: Two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday.
Jonathan  Henick,  US  ambassador  to  Uzbekistan,  said  he  was  “deeply  saddened”  by  Umurzokov’s  death  in  a  tribute  posted  to  his  embassy’s  website.
teh Next Steps for Gaza
Important: Two were killed, along with an American civilian interpreter.
Tip: The defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy?
Remember: Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S.
“Our prayers are withe her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
Lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry.
Tip: To mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other.
Two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday!
A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons.
FYI: Lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry.
He  Didn’t  Know  How  Far  They  Would  Go.
VICTIM REMEMBERED AS A SCHOLAR WHO WAS ALWAYS WILLING TO HELP
Important: How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I.
“some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said greaney.
Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment?
Important: The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press.
While US officials talked up progress towards ending teh war, there was little detail on how teh thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
Tip: Police Share New Images of Man Sought in Deadly Shooting at Brown
A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean.
Remember: Heng Guan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps.
Remember: Durham Academy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded.
the coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in staffordshire.
The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft adn water damage.
OUR FAMILY IS INCREDIBLY DEVASTATED BY THIS LOSS,” UMURZOKOV’S SISTER SAID IN A STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING THE GOFUNDME APPEAL.
a six-month-old boy, teddy eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when doyle’s car hit his pushchair, greaney said.
FYI: Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
Remember: The Times offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
Realising taht is deeply painful.
victims of paul doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through the air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “fucking hell, move!”
WHILE US OFFICIALS TALKED UP PROGRESS TOWARDS ENDING THE WAR, THERE WAS LITTLE DETAIL ON HOW THE THORNY ISSUE OF UKRAINE'S SOVEREIGNTY WOULD BE RESOLVED IN ANY PEACE DEAL.
The talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities?
THE GUNMAN OPENED FIRE INSIDE A CLASSROOM IN THE ENGINEERING BUILDING ON SATURDAY AFTERNOON, FIRING MORE THAN 40 ROUNDS FROM A 9MM HANDGUN, A LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIAL TOLD THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
FYI: At least 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say.
Important: Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy.
The  FBI  announced  a  $50,000  reward  for  information  leading  to  the  case  being  solved.
A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder adn sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
FYI: Trump Seizes on Reiner’s Death to Attack the Hollywood Director
EUforeign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult".
trump’s dated strategy is putting us on a path to world war iii
at least one million tickets for the 2028 olympics in los angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
Note: The government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
Note: Academics say the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable.
An annual report shows some good, bad adn middling aspects of Scottish productivity - adn there are no easy or quick fixes.
US officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever"?
Important: Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
After teh humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action.
FYI: “Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
AustralianLeader Pledges Stricter Gun Laws After Deadly Bondi Shooting
Awoman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney.
the individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the rhode island attorney general, peter neronha, earlier told a reporter for cnn on monday afternoon.
Note: The talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
Academics  say  the  Acorn  project  in  Aberdeenshire  is  facing  difficulties,  but  the  company  insists  it  is  viable.
In  her  first  public  speech  as  head  of  MI6,  Blaise  Metreweli  said  Russia  was  trying  to  export  chaos  to  Europe  through  hybrid  attacks  and  disinformation.
Note: At least 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say.
Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults adn eight children.
Important: Ukraine Claims First Strike by Underwater Drone on Russian Submarine
SYRIAN-BORN AUSTRALIAN WHO TACKLED BONDI GUNMAN HAILED AS HERO
Remember: “Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
Tip: Venture Capital Firms Are Raising Loads More Money
THE PRIME MINISTER IS SET TO VISIT SCOTLAND LATER, BUT THERE ARE MURMURINGS OF DISCONTENT AMONG HIS MPS.
FYI: As peace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind?
Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and teh building of new prisons.
Remember: Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes.
Group words that share a common thread.
Opposition parties haev accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
Important: Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
Remember: The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them.
In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation.
Remember: Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
"it's a huge progress which i welcome very much," he said, describing washington's security guarantees as "remarkable".
“HE ALWAYS LENT A HELPING HAND TO ANYONE IN NEED WITHOUT HESITATION, AND WAS THE MOST KIND-HEARTED PERSON OUR FAMILY KNEW.
Important: "But we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added.
Recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates?
US OFFICIALS SAID THAT IF THE ECONOMIC FREE ZONE COULD BE DEFINED, "THEN IT WILL REALLY BE UP TO THE PARTIES TO WORK OUT THE FINAL ISSUES OF SOVEREIGNTY."
Remember: The couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday.
teh violence only got worse.
Important: He added that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy!
Important: Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son.
FYI: Venture Capital Firms Are Raising Loads More Money
AND COULD EUROPE DO ANYTHING DIFFERENTLY?
His  supporters  say  that  sending  him  to  Uganda  puts  him  at  risk.
DETAILS HAVEN'T BEEN SHARED, BUT LAST WEEK ZELENSKY SAID THE POINTS SHOULD BE SEEN AS A "FOUNDATION" ON WHICH TO BUILD PROVISIONS FOR THE RECONSTRUCTION OF UKRAINE AND SECURITY GUARANTEES.
Remember: Group words that share a common thread.
BRET STEPHENS ON THE FIGHT FOR THE FUTURE OF THE RIGHT
A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, adn what the build up could mean.
FRUIT SHOP OWNER AHMED AL AHMED, 43, HAS UNDERGONE SURGERY FOR BULLET WOUNDS TO HIS ARM AND HAND.
TheEuropean Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan.
ReinerSeen Arguing With Son at Conan O’Brien Party on Eve of His Death
His supporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk.
VentureCapital Firms Are Raising Loads More Money
Choices  over  oil,  gas,  nuclear  and  the  transition  to  renewables  are  to  set  to  feature  highly  in  the  debate  and  battle  for  votes.
Important: Reiner Seen Arguing With Son at Conan O’Brien Party on Eve of His Death
“Wehave a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference.
russia mostly occupies the region and it wants kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
Note: But Will It Reach Those in Need?
monday was the 349th day of the year.
Note: Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
Important: The violence only got worse.
Tip: Recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates.
Remember: People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
Karoline Leavitt, teh White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words.
FYI: Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
FYI: Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
Placeevery domino in the right spot.
Asix-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said.
Important: Can cost tens of billions to build.
FYI: Meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting.
ROB REINER’S LIFE IN PICTURES
His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court taht she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
Tip: On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine.
13 Gifts that Cost (Almost) Nothing
teh justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading teh Scottish Parliament.
David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour?
Tip: Get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters.
Later this week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy!
Important: At least one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
FYI: Doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday.
ROB AND MICHELE REINER’S SON NICK, 32, IS BEING HELD WITHOUT BAIL ON SUSPICION OF THEIR MURDER.
Soldiers adn Translator Killed in Syria Are Identified
After  the  humiliation  of  clients  leaking  her  intimate  images,  Madelaine  Thomas  decided  to  take  action.
Important: Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians.
“Ourprayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
Remember: How many words can you make with 7 letters?
Tip: It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
Remember: One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
Note: The European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan.
A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport?
Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know taht this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
An  annual  report  shows  some  good,  bad  and  middling  aspects  of  Scottish  productivity  -  and  there  are  no  easy  or  quick  fixes.
ONE WOMAN, ANNA BILONOZHENKO, HAD FLED THE WAR IN UKRAINE ONLY TO BE ATTACKED IN LIVERPOOL WHEN DOYLE DROVE INTO HER, FRACTURING HER KNEE.
Get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters!
He said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun.
the panicked moments when a beach celebration became a ‘war zone’
Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period!
Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal taht could be acceptable to Russia.
bret stephens on the fight for the future of the right
And could Europe do anything differently!
Note: The atmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday.
In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
Tip: The other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said.
Tip: Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians.
Important: Messi's India tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him.
Chile  has  become  the  latest  country  in  the  region  to  elect  a  right-wing  president.
Tip: How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I.
At  least  70  homes  have  been  inundated  in  Safi's  old  city  centre,  officials  say.
AN ANNUAL REPORT SHOWS SOME GOOD, BAD AND MIDDLING ASPECTS OF SCOTTISH PRODUCTIVITY - AND THERE ARE NO EASY OR QUICK FIXES.
But getting supplies to the areas withe the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
But Will It Reach Those in Need!
Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
Important: Karoline Leavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words.
Remember: Is Said to Agree to Ukraine Security Guarantee in Peace Talks
But  getting  supplies  to  the  areas  with  the  most  dire  need  is  an  enormous  challenge.
Important: The next presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within Trump’s coalition suggest the jockeying to succeed Trump is well under way
Lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry!
TRUMP SEIZES ON REINER’S DEATH TO ATTACK THE HOLLYWOOD DIRECTOR
RobReiner’s Life in Pictures
a cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of hamas weapons.
Remember: The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
FYI: Academics say the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable.
“We are asking teh public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at teh press conference.
Remember: Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs.
Important: His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks adn disinformation.
I am scarred for life,” she said?
Important: Nick Reiner Has Spoken Openly About His Struggles
Note: Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot.
HongKong Media Tycoon’s Conviction Was Years in the Making
MONDAY WAS THE 349TH DAY OF THE YEAR.
Remember: But now that feeling has been taken away.
Portraying  Luke  Spencer,  he  was  one  of  the  best-known  soap  opera  stars  in  U.S.
eu foreign policy chief kaja kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult".
BRETT SMILEY, PROVIDENCE’S MAYOR, ACKNOWLEDGED: “WE KNOW THAT THIS IS LIKELY TO CAUSE FRESH ANXIETY FOR OUR COMMUNITY”.
Tip: The Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
world number one aryna sabalenka is voted the wta player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
Remember: Get clued in with wordplay, every day.
FYI: On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine.
Remember: Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
The  prime  minister  is  set  to  visit  Scotland  later,  but  there  are  murmurings  of  discontent  among  his  MPs.
thsi followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
Remember: Syrian-Born Australian Who Tackled Bondi Gunman Hailed as Hero
"Itseems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
Ukraine  has  long  argued  it  needs  watertight  guarantees  to  ensure  that  Russia  respects  any  ceasefire  and  does  not  attack  the  country  again.
Group words that share a common thread?
Note: Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal.
Note: World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
Atleast one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
The next presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within Trump’s coalition suggest the jockeying to succeed Trump is well under way
Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
IN HIS POLICE INTERVIEW, THE DEFENDANT CLAIMED HE ACTED IN A “BLIND PANIC” BECAUSE HE FEARED FOR HIS LIFE.
HOW THE PANDEMIC LOCKDOWNS CHANGED A SONGBIRD’S BEAK
Heng Guan fled to the United States adn released rare video evidence of the camps.
FYI: Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide.
The police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face!
Gasps  were  heard  in  court  when  the  footage  showed  the  infant  on  the  floor.
EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult"!
PEOPLE WHO BROUGHT THEIR BLOOD GLUCOSE DOWN TO A NORMAL LEVEL HAD A LOWER RISK OF DEATH FROM HEART DISEASE OR HOSPITALIZATION FOR HEART FAILURE AFTER 20 YEARS.
Important: Play Connections: Sports Edition
He added taht Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
Note: Seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday.
JONATHAN HENICK, US AMBASSADOR TO UZBEKISTAN, SAID HE WAS “DEEPLY SADDENED” BY UMURZOKOV’S DEATH IN A TRIBUTE POSTED TO HIS EMBASSY’S WEBSITE.
Note: The other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said.
Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, haev said "alternative options" should be put forward.
Important: Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs.
MANHUNT CONTINUES FOR KILLER OF TWO STUDENTS ON CAMPUS SATURDAY, WITH SUSPECT CONSIDERED ARMED AND DANGEROUS
HE HAD BIG DREAMS OF BECOMING A NEUROSURGEON AND HELPING PEOPLE,” HIS SISTER, SAMIRA UMURZOKOVA, SAID IN A TRIBUTE ON A GOFUNDME CAMPAIGN MEANT TO SUPPORT HIS FAMILY.
Remember: Play Connections: Sports Edition
Note: A police officer described the noise as “sickening”.
On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine!
Rob Reiner Made Clear What He Believed In, Onscreen adn Off
Remember: After Rob Reiner met Michele Singer, the director felt inspired to rework the ending of “When Harry Met Sally.”
Tip: At least 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say.
Important: Rob and Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
Karoline Leavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words?
In a statement read to court, teh 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in teh city but now lived in constant pain.
Tip: The US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification.
Important: Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
Note: An annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes.
Note: On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine.
Aldridgesuffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on tuesday.
Seven others were in critical but stable condition, adn one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday.
Important: Trump Seizes on Reiner’s Death to Attack the Hollywood Director
Murdo Fraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts!
Tip: Sophomore Killed in Attack Described as ‘a Bright Light’
FYI: The person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said!
A tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
Manchester  United  lose  the  lead  three  times  in  an  extraordinary  4-4  thriller  against  Bournemouth  at  Old  Trafford.
Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period.
FYI: The shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops.
"It's a huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable".
Anthony  Geary,  ‘General  Hospital’  Actor,  Dies  at  78  in  Amsterdam
THEIR BODIES WERE FOUND IN THEIR HOME ON SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
Remember: After the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action.
Atribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
SHARE STORIES WITH THE GUARDIAN SECURELY AND CONFIDENTIALLY
Tip: Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons.
Tip: On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
What  impact  is  our  email  etiquette  having  on  how  we  are  perceived  and  even  promoted  at  work?
Tip: The government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
Important: The justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament.
Tip: Chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president.
Many  are  asking  why  more  wasn't  done  to  prevent  the  shootings  after  a  spate  of  antisemitism-related  offences.
Note: Chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president.
FYI: People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
teh "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that teh Russians would hopefully agree to them.
ben stokes asks his england team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third ashes test against australia in adelaide.
Important: A group of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride".
Get clued in withe wordplay, every day.
The shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops.
But Will It Reach Those in Need.
His supporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk!
Paul Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults adn eight children
BUT GETTING SUPPLIES TO THE AREAS WITH THE MOST DIRE NEED IS AN ENORMOUS CHALLENGE.
Important: His supporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk.
The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand.
Tip: The Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire.
Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces?
APowerful New Drug Is Creating a ‘Withdrawal Crisis’ in Philadelphia
Remember: The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
Important: Monday was the 349th day of the year.
Remember: BBC Sport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager.
The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face?
GUESS THE 5-LETTER WORD WITH 6 CHANCES.
In his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life!
Greaneysaid Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
AUTHORITIES SAY TWO RABBIS, A HOLOCAUST SURVIVOR AND A 10-YEAR-OLD GIRL WERE AMONG THE VICTIMS.
Tip: Trump Seizes on Reiner’s Death to Attack the Hollywood Director
Tip: “We came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
“We came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
Itshowed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
teh atmosphere on campus and in teh New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday.
Note: Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
FYI: Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told.
Tip: Karoline Leavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words.
Note: After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents.
Tip: Umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry.
AS BODIES LAY ON THE GROUND, DOYLE’S RAMPAGE WAS BROUGHT TO A HALT BY A FORMER SOLDIER, DAN BARR, WHO CLIMBED INTO A REAR PASSENGER SEAT AND HELD THE CAR’S GEAR SELECTOR IN “PARK”.
medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal.
Tip: For ecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
FYI: Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
Karoline Leavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words!
Note: The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
"I THINK WE'RE CLOSER NOW THAN WE HAVE BEEN, EVER," HE SAID, REFERRING TO REACHING A PEACE DEAL.
“Ella was known for her bold, brave, adn kind heart as she served her chapter adn fellow classmates,” he said.
Note: The Associated Press contributed reporting
Remember: Later this week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy.
A program for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate.
The US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification?
Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly adn alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
Tip: Jimmy Lai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers.
FYI: BBC Sport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager.
karoline leavitt, the white house press secretary, also posted condolences to x, saying in part: “there are no words.
Note: Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
Ina statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain.
Tip: One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
Rangers edge a close contest withe Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot.
Their bodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon?
Tip: It feels like losing our safety all over again.”
Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release adn the building of new prisons.
Syrian-BornAustralian Who Tackled Bondi Gunman Hailed as Hero
Manchester United lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford.
teh historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
Note: On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
TrumpSeizes on Reiner’s Death to Attack the Hollywood Director
the fbi announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved.
His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
Important: A former Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard.
US  officials  described  the  security  guarantees  on  offer  as  the  "platinum  standard",  but  cautioned  the  deal  "would  not  be  on  the  table  forever".
RANGERS EDGE A CLOSE CONTEST WITH HIBERNIAN TO CLIMB ABOVE MOTHERWELL INTO THE SCOTTISH PREMIERSHIP'S THIRD SPOT.
Theviolence only got worse.
the defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
Remember: A former Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard.
In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor adn morality were stated as plainly as could be.
“Hewas incredibly kind, funny, and smart.
NINE OTHER PEOPLE WERE HURT IN SATURDAY’S ATTACK IN THE ENGINEERING BUILDING OF BROWN’S CAMPUS IN PROVIDENCE, DURING THE SCHOOL’S FINAL EXAM PERIOD.
the strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
In  a  statement  read  to  court,  the  43-year-old  described  how  she  had  taken  her  22-year-old  daughter  for  a  day  out  in  the  city  but  now  lived  in  constant  pain.
Note: German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who hosted the discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on Monday, saying "this is the first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
Remember: Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia.
He Recorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs?
Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”?
Note: The police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
can cost tens of billions to build.
“He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew?
Of teh nine hurt, one student was released from teh hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
The data centers used for work on A.I!
Tip: Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide.
Speaking form the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
Aformer Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard.
rob reiner’s life in pictures
FYI: Anthony Geary, ‘General Hospital’ Actor, Dies at 78 in Amsterdam
THE TALKS IN BERLIN COME AT A CRUCIAL TIME FOR UKRAINE, WHICH IS ENDURING ITS FOURTH WINTER OF WAR AMID SUSTAINED POWER CUTS CAUSED BY RUSSIA'S ATTACKS ON ITS ENERGY FACILITIES.
HOW MANY WORDS CAN YOU MAKE WITH 7 LETTERS?
The government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets?
FYI: Get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters.
Remember: “Ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said.
group words that share a common thread.
soldiers and translator killed in syria are identified
Note: Cook was remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday.
FYI: Victim Remembered as a Scholar Who Was Always Willing to Help
Authoritiessay two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
Place every domino in the right spot?
Victim Remembered as a Scholar Who Was Always Willing to Help
Remember: Monday was the 349th day of the year.
Manchester United lose teh lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford.
Important: The prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs.
Remember: “Some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
The defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” adn “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
FYI: Realising that is deeply painful.
nine other people were hurt in saturday’s attack in the engineering building of brown’s campus in providence, during the school’s final exam period.
he added that kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
opposition parties have accused angela constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said.
Guess  the  5-letter  word  with  6  chances.
A  woman  tells  the  BBC  she  acted  as  a  "human  shield"  for  her  baby  during  the  deadly  attack  on  the  Jewish  community  in  Sydney.
GERMAN CHANCELLOR FRIEDRICH MERZ, WHO HOSTED THE DISCUSSIONS, STRUCK A SIMILAR TONE EARLIER ON MONDAY, SAYING "THIS IS THE FIRST TIME A CEASEFIRE IS CONCEIVABLE."
Umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry?
Doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday!
ControllingBlood Sugar Cut Heart Disease Risk in Half, Study Says
Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward?
Tip: Get clued in with wordplay, every day.
Tip: Realising that is deeply painful.
Onewoman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
Chile has become teh latest country in teh region to elect a right-wing president.
Note: Australian Leader Pledges Stricter Gun Laws After Deadly Bondi Shooting
Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told!
but getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
13  Gifts  that  Cost  (Almost)  Nothing
Note: He said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun.
Important: It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
Cookwas vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said.
WhileUS officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
Tip: Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X.
the person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father adn son.
Trump’s  Dated  Strategy  Is  Putting  Us  on  a  Path  to  World  War  III
But now that feeling has been taken away.
A program for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate!
Important: “Teddy will never be the same again; I will never be the same again.
FYI: A former Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard.
A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean?
GASPS WERE HEARD IN COURT WHEN THE FOOTAGE SHOWED THE INFANT ON THE FLOOR.
“we came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” bilonozhenko said.
While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved!
JonathanHenick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website.
Speaking  from  the  White  House,  US  President  Donald  Trump  said  he  had  spoken  to  Zelensky  and  European  leaders,  describing  it  as  a  "very  good  talk".
Doyle,  from  Croxteth  in  Liverpool,  held  his  head  in  his  hands  and  sobbed  in  the  dock  throughout  the  first  day  of  sentencing.
Remember: Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians.
Note: “He was incredibly kind, funny, and smart.
Remember: But getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
teh shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops.
Remember: The Associated Press contributed reporting
Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing!
Remember: Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
After the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action.
Remember: At least 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say.
POLICE SHARE NEW IMAGES OF MAN SOUGHT IN DEADLY SHOOTING AT BROWN
Remember: The security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members.
Note: “Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
The  atmosphere  on  campus  and  in  the  New  England  city  remained  one  of  fear  and  intense  vigilance  on  Monday.
A  tribunal  has  ruled  that  the  nurse  was  harassed  by  NHS  Fife  -  but  dismissed  all  other  claims  in  her  case.
Note: Wants to Deport Him to Uganda.
The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press?
At least one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
two were killed, along with an american civilian interpreter.
Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons.
Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far form the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
FYI: Share stories with the Guardian securely and confidentially
The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
Tip: The police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be?
At least 70 homes haev been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say.
Place every domino in teh right spot.
Important: “We came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
Note: The Next Steps for Gaza
Share stories with teh Guardian securely and confidentially
Note: Nick Reiner Has Spoken Openly About His Struggles
FYI: Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons.
In a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain?
Remember: Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
The two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered.
tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs.
The  defendant  bowed  his  head  and  wept  as  the  court  heard  of  the  serious  psychological,  physical  and  financial  difficulties  suffered  by  the  victims.
The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv?
Theindividual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described teh meeting as "productive" but not easy.
The  78-year-old  became  a  leading  figure  advocating  democracy  in  the  former  British  territory.
Trump Seizes on Reiner’s Death to Attack the Hollywood Director
Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
“ELLA WAS KNOWN FOR HER BOLD, BRAVE, AND KIND HEART AS SHE SERVED HER CHAPTER AND FELLOW CLASSMATES,” HE SAID.
The video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon!
Tip: After Rob Reiner met Michele Singer, the director felt inspired to rework the ending of “When Harry Met Sally.”
Note: Police Share New Images of Man Sought in Deadly Shooting at Brown
Itfeels like losing our safety all over again.”
Hismother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
Tip: Victim Remembered as a Scholar Who Was Always Willing to Help
tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under thomas frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
Russia mostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do!
Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide?
Tip: The person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials adn a delegation from Kyiv.
Note: He Recorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs.
Note: The violence only got worse.
He Didn’t Know How Far They Would Go.
His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of teh memories” of maternity leave.
Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire adn does not attack the country again.
He Recorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs.
Videosand eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
Fruit  shop  owner  Ahmed  al  Ahmed,  43,  has  undergone  surgery  for  bullet  wounds  to  his  arm  and  hand.
Remember: Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said.
FYI: New York Times Opinion and Maisie Cowell
World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025?
Tip: A former Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard.
Remember: Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
Share  stories  with  the  Guardian  securely  and  confidentially
teh family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that teh recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
“We  are  asking  the  public  for  assistance,”  Providence  police  chief  Oscar  Perez  said  at  the  press  conference.
Tip: Reiner Seen Arguing With Son at Conan O’Brien Party on Eve of His Death
At least 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say?
FYI: The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
Chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president!
The  security  guarantees  for  Kyiv  resemble  those  for  NATO  members.
Tip: Rob and Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
Tip: Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal.
While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
Tip: “We have a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference.
Important: Medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal.
speaking from the white house, us president donald trump said he had spoken to zelensky and european leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
while us officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
Jimmy Lai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers?
Remember: Rob and Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
Donald Macaskill, teh chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed.
The  data  centers  used  for  work  on  A.I.
FYI: Reiner Seen Arguing With Son at Conan O’Brien Party on Eve of His Death
Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent teh shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
“we are asking the public for assistance,” providence police chief oscar perez said at the press conference.
However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated taht Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
Remember: Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide.
Note: The security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members.
FYI: But now that feeling has been taken away.
Remember: Doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday.
The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
Tip: Over the weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
THE KREMLIN SAID IT EXPECTED THE US TO PROVIDE IT WITH THE "CONCEPT" DISCUSSED ON MONDAY.
The  video  clips  were  recorded  before  the  shooting,  the  authorities  said,  on  Saturday  afternoon.
Their bodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon!
After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to teh police and to other parents.
Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
cook was remembered at a church service in birmingham on sunday.
Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians!
Important: The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them.
Thegunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press.
Remember: “We have a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference.
But getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where teh skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
Remember: Of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
Cookwas remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday.
Tip: Spy Chief Warns of Acute Russia Threat: The ‘Front Line Is Everywhere’
Important: Cook was remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday.
FYI: EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult".
a 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
"IT'S A HUGE PROGRESS WHICH I WELCOME VERY MUCH," HE SAID, DESCRIBING WASHINGTON'S SECURITY GUARANTEES AS "REMARKABLE".
FYI: But getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
the shooting attack in palmyra, syria, on saturday struck iowa national guard troops.
Twowere killed, along with an American civilian interpreter.
Note: The Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
Remember: Two were killed, along with an American civilian interpreter.
a program for deafblind children helped annie garner, 3, learn to communicate.
Tip: He Didn’t Know How Far They Would Go.
Remember: “We are asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference.
Remember: As peace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind?
Getclued in with wordplay, every day.
Note: Ukraine Claims First Strike by Underwater Drone on Russian Submarine
Tip: Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
Tip: The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
controlling blood sugar cut heart disease risk in half, study says
Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims?
Important: David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour.
Important: Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community.
EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult"?
Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery!
But Will It Reach Those in Need?
Born Deaf adn Blind, She’s Caught in Trump’s Anti-Diversity Crusade
FYI: Born Deaf and Blind, She’s Caught in Trump’s Anti-Diversity Crusade
Remember: The next presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within Trump’s coalition suggest the jockeying to succeed Trump is well under way
Doyle  is  understood  to  be  facing  a  jail  term  of  more  than  10  years  when  he  is  sentenced  on  Tuesday.
one woman, anna bilonozhenko, had fled the war in ukraine only to be attacked in liverpool when doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
As  peace  talks  continue  in  Berlin,  what  -  if  anything  -  could  potentially  change  Putin's  mind?
Cook was remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday.
FYI: When Doyle was dragged into a police van through a swarm of angry football fans, he told officers: “I’ve just ruined my family’s life.”
Two were killed, along with an American civilian interpreter!
RobReiner Made Clear What He Believed In, Onscreen and Off
In a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain!
FYI: Two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday.
Is  Said  to  Agree  to  Ukraine  Security  Guarantee  in  Peace  Talks
Remember: The person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
Theother person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said.
Hissupporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk.
HeDidn’t Know How Far They Would Go.
FYI: Jonathan Henick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website.
Umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry.
TrumpAdministration Begins Program to Increase Government’s Tech Worker Ranks
Trump Seizes on Reiner’s Death to Attack teh Hollywood Director
a court has now found him guilty of national security crimes.
Important: Venture Capital Firms Are Raising Loads More Money
The  other  person  killed  was  MukhammadAziz  Umurzokov,  an  Uzbek  national  in  his  first  year  of  studies  at  the  university,  family  members  said.
Zelenskysaid on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians.
the government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with teh Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
adn could Europe do anything differently?
A Love Story taht Changed Movie History
Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded?
Wantsto Deport Him to Uganda.
Of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president?
law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across scotland.
Tip: The two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered.
FYI: Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
THE NEXT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION MAY SEEM A LONG WAY OFF, BUT CURRENT FRICTIONS WITHIN TRUMP’S COALITION SUGGEST THE JOCKEYING TO SUCCEED TRUMP IS WELL UNDER WAY
Note: The justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament.
Note: In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation.
Tip: Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
Theirbodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon.
Important: Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
The  oldest  victim,  a  77-year-old  woman,  suffered  multiple  fractures  after  being  trapped  under  the  car  with  an  11-year-old  boy  and  two  others.
"It's a huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable"!
Share stories with the Guardian securely and confidentially
Remember: Manchester United lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford.
Note: The FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved.
A  police  officer  described  the  noise  as  “sickening”.
Twostudents were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday.
Tip: Durham Academy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded.
TECH GIANTS ARE FINDING WAYS TO AVOID BEING ON THE HOOK FOR SOME OF THOSE COSTS.
Important: Later this week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy.
Note: The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them.
the video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on saturday afternoon.
Rob  Reiner’s  Life  in  Pictures
TO MARK THE WINTER HOLIDAYS — AN ESPECIALLY POPULAR TIME TO BREAK UP — WE ASKED PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD FOR THEIR MOST STRIKING PARTING WORDS TO EACH OTHER.
a woman tells the bbc she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the jewish community in sydney.
the times offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
Paul Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children
Note: Donald Macaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed.
the gun violence archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
greaney said doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
Remember: Get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters.
This followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case?
IN HER FIRST PUBLIC SPEECH AS HEAD OF MI6, BLAISE METREWELI SAID RUSSIA WAS TRYING TO EXPORT CHAOS TO EUROPE THROUGH HYBRID ATTACKS AND DISINFORMATION.
Note: Born Deaf and Blind, She’s Caught in Trump’s Anti-Diversity Crusade
Heng Guan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps?
the talks in berlin come at a crucial time for ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
In a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain.
Place every domino in the right spot!
FYI: Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said.
Cancost tens of billions to build.
teh US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
a love story that changed movie history
"Ithink we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
PlayConnections: Sports Edition
as peace talks continue in berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change putin's mind?
Remember: A woman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney.
Note: The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
The talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
FYI: "I think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
THE US HAS SAID IT IS READY TO OFFER UKRAINE NATO-LIKE SECURITY GUARANTEES TO SAFEGUARD AN EVENTUAL CEASEFIRE, FOLLOWING TALKS IN BERLIN WITH EUROPEAN OFFICIALS AND A DELEGATION FROM KYIV.
The US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification.
FYI: Trial Starts for Judge Accused of Helping Undocumented Immigrant Evade Agents
it feels like losing our safety all over again.”
Choicesover oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes.
Remember: 13 Gifts that Cost (Almost) Nothing
the oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
He said teh weapon used in teh shooting was a 9mm handgun.
AFTER ROB REINER MET MICHELE SINGER, THE DIRECTOR FELT INSPIRED TO REWORK THE ENDING OF “WHEN HARRY MET SALLY.”
Tip: While there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point.
Tip: Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert.
FYI: Messi's India tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him.
Note: As peace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind?
A  former  Royal  Marine  was  a  “man  in  a  rage”  as  he  mowed  down  dozens  of  Liverpool  football  club  fans  at  a  victory  parade  in  what  many  feared  was  a  terrorist  attack,  a  court  has  heard.
He Tried to Protect His Son form Bullies.
A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on teh road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said.
two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the ivy league school on saturday.
Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland.
Tomark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other.
It  feels  like  losing  our  safety  all  over  again.”
ukraine's volodymyr zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy.
Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal!
Remember: Wants to Deport Him to Uganda.
Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week?
Tip: “We are asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference.
Note: For ecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
The"very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them.
Note: Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs.
For ecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home?
A program for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate?
Remember: Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said.
UP TO 460 ROLES ARE EXPECTED TO BE CREATED AT THE SITE OF THE FORMER OIL REFINERY AND ACROSS SCOTLAND.
DOYLE INJURED 134 PEOPLE, INCLUDING MORE THAN 50 WHO NEEDED HOSPITAL TREATMENT, IN HIS “SICKENING” SEVEN-MINUTE RAMPAGE ON 26 MAY, THE COURT WAS TOLD.
Academics say the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable.
Realising that is deeply painful.
FYI: Rob Reiner Made Clear What He Believed In, Onscreen and Off
FYI: Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community.
Butnow that feeling has been taken away.
Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won thsi season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
Remember: The FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved.
The other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said!
FYI: The other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said.
Ukrainehas long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
Note: A tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
"It seems to me that [the US adn Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
BBCSport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager.
Tip: I am scarred for life,” she said.
Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert.
Note: Murdo Fraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts.
FYI: “We came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
Note: The shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops.
venture capital firms are raising loads more money
FYI: Nick Reiner Has Spoken Openly About His Struggles
ANTHONY GEARY, ‘GENERAL HOSPITAL’ ACTOR, DIES AT 78 IN AMSTERDAM
Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes?
FYI: Police Share New Images of Man Sought in Deadly Shooting at Brown
Tip: Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
Remember: Scotland's last operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030.
Remember: Over the weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
Get clued in with wordplay, every day?
Messi's India tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him!
The Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed!
“Some at the scene thought taht what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
the couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on sunday.
Important: The individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
He  Recorded  China’s  Detention  of  Uyghurs.
“We haev a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference.
Important: German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who hosted the discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on Monday, saying "this is the first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon adn helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family.
In  his  police  interview,  the  defendant  claimed  he  acted  in  a  “blind  panic”  because  he  feared  for  his  life.
One  woman,  Anna  Bilonozhenko,  had  fled  the  war  in  Ukraine  only  to  be  attacked  in  Liverpool  when  Doyle  drove  into  her,  fracturing  her  knee.
Rob and Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder!
A court has now found him guilty of national security crimes?
WHILE US OFFICIALS TALKED UP PROGRESS IN BERLIN, THERE WAS LITTLE DETAIL ON HOW THE ISSUE OF UKRAINE'S SOVEREIGNTY WOULD BE RESOLVED.
AfterRob Reiner met Michele Singer, the director felt inspired to rework the ending of “When Harry Met Sally.”
While there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point.
“Ellawas known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said.
teh government has been cracking down on teh rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
Tip: Their bodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon.
Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands adn sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
New York Times Opinion adn Maisie Cowell
Tip: But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas.
Law  enforcement  that  raided  the  hotel  recovered  two  handguns  and  two  loaded  30-round  magazines  when  the  initial  person  of  interest  was  taken  into  custody,  the  news  agency  reported.
Tip: A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons.
TheGun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
It feels like losing our safety all over again.”
Remember: Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
Infilms like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
The talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities!
Soldiers and Translator Killed in Syria Are Identified
Note: The face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
Tip: As peace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind?
Note: However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
Tip: A court has now found him guilty of national security crimes.
FYI: Trump’s Dated Strategy Is Putting Us on a Path to World War III
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION CUT THE PROGRAM’S FUNDING OVER DIVERSITY GOALS.
German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who hosted the discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on Monday, saying "this is the first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
FYI: The police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
Tip: Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs.
he didn’t know how far they would go.
BORN DEAF AND BLIND, SHE’S CAUGHT IN TRUMP’S ANTI-DIVERSITY CRUSADE
Important: Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery.
Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play!
Note: The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday.
REINER WAS KNOWN FOR HIS ACTIVISM AS WELL AS FAVOURITES LIKE WHEN HARRY MET SALLY, STAND BY ME AND MISERY.
A woman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney?
Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children!
Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in teh crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide.
But Moscow adn Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas.
Remember: The Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire.
PAUL GREANEY KC, PROSECUTING, WARNED THOSE IN LIVERPOOL CROWN COURT ON MONDAY THAT THE FOOTAGE FROM DOYLE’S FORD GALAXY WAS “TRULY SHOCKING”.
MURDO FRASER HAD THREATENED LEGAL ACTION AFTER POLICE SCOTLAND RECORDED ONE OF HIS SOCIAL MEDIA POSTS.
The prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs!
Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons?
The European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan.
Remember: Medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal.
At least one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94)!
Rangersedge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot.
Note: Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
thinking of her family and friends, especially her parents.”
Note: Russia mostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
the police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
FYI: The Associated Press contributed reporting
A COURT HAS NOW FOUND HIM GUILTY OF NATIONAL SECURITY CRIMES.
On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for teh first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
DOYLE IS UNDERSTOOD TO BE FACING A JAIL TERM OF MORE THAN 10 YEARS WHEN HE IS SENTENCED ON TUESDAY.
“Some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney!
PAUL DOYLE, 54, IS DUE TO BE SENTENCED ON TUESDAY AFTER ADMITTING 31 OFFENCES AGAINST 21 ADULTS AND EIGHT CHILDREN
Victimsof Paul Doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through the air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “Fucking hell, move!”
Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on teh first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor.
As peace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind?
Tip: Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S.
An annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes.
TheNext Steps for Gaza
Important: Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
Two gunmen involved in teh attack have been identified by teh Australian authorities as a father and son.
FYI: The defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 may, the court was told.
What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived adn even promoted at work?
Important: Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand.
Recentemergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates.
Atleast 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say.
DONALD MACASKILL, THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF SCOTTISH CARE, TOLD BBC SCOTLAND A MEASURED APPROACH WAS NEEDED.
Tip: Share stories with the Guardian securely and confidentially
FYI: Scotland's last operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030.
Note: Two were killed, along with an American civilian interpreter.
Medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal.
Even then Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard.
Remember: His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
Tip: A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said.
Note: He Didn’t Know How Far They Would Go.
FYI: Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy.
Get clued in with wordplay, every day!
Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”?
The78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory.
Rangers  edge  a  close  contest  with  Hibernian  to  climb  above  Motherwell  into  the  Scottish  Premiership's  third  spot.
On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees?
But getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge?
Speaking from teh White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released!
Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs?
Thepolice said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading teh Risks of teh A.I.
Important: As peace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind?
Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in teh dock throughout teh first day of sentencing.
Important: Get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters.
Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia?
Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into teh Scottish Premiership's third spot.
german chancellor friedrich merz, who hosted the discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on monday, saying "this is the first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
in films like “a few good men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
Note: Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
THE DEFENDANT BOWED HIS HEAD AND WEPT AS THE COURT HEARD OF THE SERIOUS PSYCHOLOGICAL, PHYSICAL AND FINANCIAL DIFFICULTIES SUFFERED BY THE VICTIMS.
Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community!
Theatmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday.
Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs!
“He was incredibly kind, funny, and smart.
authorities say two rabbis, a holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
The  European  Union  has  mounted  an  “air  bridge”  effort  to  Sudan.
“HE WAS INCREDIBLY KIND, FUNNY, AND SMART.
The individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
Tip: A program for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate.
Important: Donald Macaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed.
Important: But Will It Reach Those in Need?
Important: Heng Guan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps.
Remember: Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour.
Note: A woman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney.
WHAT IMPACT IS OUR EMAIL ETIQUETTE HAVING ON HOW WE ARE PERCEIVED AND EVEN PROMOTED AT WORK?
Important: However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
The government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
The  government  has  been  cracking  down  on  the  rentals  firm  as  neighbourhoods  protest  against  holiday  lets.
Laterthis week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy.
FYI: Donald Macaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed.
EU FOREIGN POLICY CHIEF KAJA KALLAS ACKNOWLEDGED THE DISCUSSIONS WERE "INCREASINGLY DIFFICULT".
Flew110 Tons of Aid to Darfur.
“We came to this country because of teh war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
Remember: When Doyle was dragged into a police van through a swarm of angry football fans, he told officers: “I’ve just ruined my family’s life.”
Tip: Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes.
Note: He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family.
Tip: Rob Reiner Made Clear What He Believed In, Onscreen and Off
FYI: “Ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said.
Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand!
Donald Macaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed?
BUT MOSCOW AND KYIV REMAIN FAR APART ON THE ISSUE OF THE DONBAS.
later this week, eu countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen russian assets held in a belgium-based financial institution to prop up ukraine's economy.
FYI: Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, adn in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
DURHAM ACADEMY, A PRIVATE K-12 SCHOOL IN DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA, SAID KENDALL TURNER, A RECENT GRADUATE, WAS AMONG THOSE CRITICALLY WOUNDED.
Law enforcement that raided teh hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when teh initial person of interest was taken into custody, teh news agency reported.
Meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting?
“We are asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference?
Important: Russia mostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
FYI: “We have a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference.
Important: A program for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate.
Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin adn soft tissue was torn away adn for which she is still receiving treatment.
Tottenhamhave lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
Important: The police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
Note: Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
Important: The talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”!
Important: The Next Steps for Gaza
A POWERFUL NEW DRUG IS CREATING A ‘WITHDRAWAL CRISIS’ IN PHILADELPHIA
Tip: Medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal.
David  McLennan  has  been  elected  as  a  councillor  in  West  Lothian,  taking  the  seat  from  Scottish  Labour.
FYI: A Powerful New Drug Is Creating a ‘Withdrawal Crisis’ in Philadelphia
“Ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said?
Important: Police Share New Images of Man Sought in Deadly Shooting at Brown
US officials said taht if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
trump administration begins program to increase government’s tech worker ranks
after his son was repeatedly attacked, rick kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents.
he tried to protect his son from bullies.
Remember: Australian Leader Pledges Stricter Gun Laws After Deadly Bondi Shooting
Their bodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon.
Important: One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
Detailshaven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees.
Important: In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation.
FYI: Medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal.
FYI: Russia mostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
And  could  Europe  do  anything  differently?
One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee!
Remember: Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community.
FYI: The atmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday.
Note: Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S.
Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk"!
Tip: Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son.
Note: In his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
Tip: "I think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
VIDEOS AND EYEWITNESS ACCOUNTS REVEAL HOW AUSTRALIA'S WORST MASS SHOOTING IN NEARLY THREE DECADES UNFOLDED.
Inhis police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
Tip: The 52 Best Breakup Lines (Said in Real Life)
Important: Victims of Paul Doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through the air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “Fucking hell, move!”
Note: BBC Sport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager.
Tip: But Will It Reach Those in Need?
Rob  Reiner  Made  Clear  What  He  Believed  In,  Onscreen  and  Off
BBC Sport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager!
Important: He Recorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs.
Note: Two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday.
Academicssay the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable.
Note: Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
Remember: Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy.
"I think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
ButMoscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas.
Group words taht share a common thread.
Important: Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons.
US officials described teh security guarantees on offer as teh "platinum standard", but cautioned teh deal "would not be on teh table forever".
The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday!
Reiner Seen Arguing withe Son at Conan O’Brien Party on Eve of His Death
Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles form the campus earlier in the day was being released.
Tip: World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
Remember: The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
Important: Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs?
Note: Sophomore Killed in Attack Described as ‘a Bright Light’
Born  Deaf  and  Blind,  She’s  Caught  in  Trump’s  Anti-Diversity  Crusade
The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage!
Tip: EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult".
us officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever".
Important: Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia.
several european leaders, as well as european commission president ursula von der leyen, will join further talks with the ukrainian and us delegations on monday evening.
“Sometimes  you  head  in  one  direction,  and  then  you  have  to  regroup  and  go  in  another,  and  that’s  exactly  what  has  happened  over  the  last  24  hours  or  so.”
Lawyers  representing  victims  say  it  is  “shocking”  there  has  never  been  a  “full-scale”  UK  inquiry.
Our  family  is  incredibly  devastated  by  this  loss,”  Umurzokov’s  sister  said  in  a  statement  accompanying  the  GoFundMe  appeal.
Nine  other  people  were  hurt  in  Saturday’s  attack  in  the  engineering  building  of  Brown’s  campus  in  Providence,  during  the  school’s  final  exam  period.
OnSunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
Note: The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press.
Important: A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean.
"I think we're closer now than we haev been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
He  Tried  to  Protect  His  Son  From  Bullies.
Note: He Tried to Protect His Son From Bullies.
get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters.
ROB REINER MADE CLEAR WHAT HE BELIEVED IN, ONSCREEN AND OFF
Note: Umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry.
Umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry!
He said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun!
TheUS officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification.
As peace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind.
The  violence  only  got  worse.
The police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
The  couple's  son  is  in  custody  after  the  couple  was  found  dead  in  their  home  on  Sunday.
Important: In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
FYI: The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
Important: After the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action.
rob reiner made clear what he believed in, onscreen and off
EU  foreign  policy  chief  Kaja  Kallas  acknowledged  the  discussions  were  "increasingly  difficult".
COOK WAS REMEMBERED AT A CHURCH SERVICE IN BIRMINGHAM ON SUNDAY.
Tip: He said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun.
“We have a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference.
WANTS TO DEPORT HIM TO UGANDA.
The police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
FYI: The police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
A  Love  Story  That  Changed  Movie  History
Important: Murdo Fraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts.
Sophomore Killed in Attack Described as ‘a Bright Light’
FYI: In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation.
Theperson was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
The  US  has  said  it  is  ready  to  offer  Ukraine  Nato-like  security  guarantees  to  safeguard  an  eventual  ceasefire,  following  talks  in  Berlin  with  European  officials  and  a  delegation  from  Kyiv.
Tip: Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
Tip: When Doyle was dragged into a police van through a swarm of angry football fans, he told officers: “I’ve just ruined my family’s life.”
Zelensky said on Monday taht there was not a "single functioning power station" taht had not been attacked by the Russians.
Authorities  say  two  rabbis,  a  Holocaust  survivor  and  a  10-year-old  girl  were  among  the  victims.
Remember: Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
Important: “Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
Authoritiessaid late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
Remember: Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees.
FYI: After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents.
Tip: 13 Gifts that Cost (Almost) Nothing
FYI: He Didn’t Know How Far They Would Go.
Note: Of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
Note: “Ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said.
Important: Trump’s Dated Strategy Is Putting Us on a Path to World War III
Our family is incredibly devastated by thsi loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal.
Tip: "But we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added.
Remember: German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who hosted the discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on Monday, saying "this is the first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials taht are already under way.
Afterthe humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action.
Tip: US officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever".
Tip: The 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory.
The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press.
“Sometimes you head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
Note: Get clued in with wordplay, every day.
Tip: His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
Gasps were heard in court when teh footage showed teh infant on teh floor.
“Healways lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
Note: People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
While  US  officials  talked  up  progress  in  Berlin,  there  was  little  detail  on  how  the  issue  of  Ukraine's  sovereignty  would  be  resolved.
Fourpeople are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert.
Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told.
German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who hosted teh discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on Monday, saying "this is teh first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
Tip: "It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
Remember: Police Share New Images of Man Sought in Deadly Shooting at Brown
Note: Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert.
Remember: Their bodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon.
The  face  of  the  man  who  officials  believe  killed  two  students  was  not  visible  in  newly  released  footage,  but  they  hoped  he  might  still  be  recognized.
Important: Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
Thinkingof her family and friends, especially her parents.”
Tip: The face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
How many words can you make withe 7 letters?
Murdo Fraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts?
Important: Gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor.
Important: Wants to Deport Him to Uganda.
Important: Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot.
Tip: Jonathan Henick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website.
the associated press contributed reporting
people who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
Aprogram for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate.
Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery.
TheKremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday.
Important: The Panicked Moments When a Beach Celebration Became a ‘War Zone’
Note: Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons.
when doyle was dragged into a police van through a swarm of angry football fans, he told officers: “i’ve just ruined my family’s life.”
FYI: The prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs.
Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call taht she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
Tip: At least one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons!
A LOVE STORY THAT CHANGED MOVIE HISTORY
The government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets!
two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating hanukkah on bondi beach in sydney, the core of the city’s jewish community.
The other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said?
Note: Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community.
a retired us vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean.
Tip: Group words that share a common thread.
Tip: Manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, with suspect considered armed and dangerous
Apolice officer described the noise as “sickening”.
Important: When Doyle was dragged into a police van through a swarm of angry football fans, he told officers: “I’ve just ruined my family’s life.”
At least one million tickets for teh 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
Note: Is Said to Agree to Ukraine Security Guarantee in Peace Talks
GermanChancellor Friedrich Merz, who hosted the discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on Monday, saying "this is the first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
Remember: The US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification.
Ukraine Claims First Strike by Underwater Drone on Russian Submarine
The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them.
Note: Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car?
FYI: Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
Can cost tens of billions to build.
Note: But getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
THE EUROPEAN UNION HAS MOUNTED AN “AIR BRIDGE” EFFORT TO SUDAN.
REALISING THAT IS DEEPLY PAINFUL.
Important: Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
FYI: Place every domino in the right spot.
FYI: While there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point.
Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
Remember: In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
MESSI'S INDIA TOUR HAD A CHAOTIC START AFTER ANGRY FANS IN KOLKATA DAMAGED A STADIUM AFTER FAILING TO CATCH A GLIMPSE OF HIM.
Headded that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
FYI: Chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president.
Note: Rob and Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
Important: Scotland's last operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030.
Recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates.
Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians?
The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv!
The defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims!
A 13-YEAR-OLD BOY, WHO CANNOT BE NAMED, WAS DIAGNOSED WITH POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER AND SUSTAINED INJURIES THAT FORCED HIM TO MISS MONTHS OF SPORT.
Note: Realising that is deeply painful.
The atmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday.
Note: It feels like losing our safety all over again.”
Solve thsi bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me adn Misery.
Jonathan Henick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website.
Roband Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
Note: Thinking of her family and friends, especially her parents.”
Tip: A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean.
Note: Victim Remembered as a Scholar Who Was Always Willing to Help
"But we're doing teh work, and we still have some days," she added.
Note: Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
Remember: A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean.
Tip: In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation.
Important: Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
Tip: Flew 110 Tons of Aid to Darfur.
THE OTHER PERSON KILLED WAS MUKHAMMADAZIZ UMURZOKOV, AN UZBEK NATIONAL IN HIS FIRST YEAR OF STUDIES AT THE UNIVERSITY, FAMILY MEMBERS SAID.
Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported?
Important: The data centers used for work on A.I.
Important: On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
Tip: Trial Starts for Judge Accused of Helping Undocumented Immigrant Evade Agents
Recent  emergency  measures  to  fix  legislative  issues  may  point  to  a  wider  problem  in  how  Holyrood  operates.
over the weekend more than a million ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
While US officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
A group of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride"!
Remember: Victims of Paul Doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through the air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “Fucking hell, move!”
Guessthe 5-letter word with 6 chances.
Remember: Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
FYI: The Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
Important: Meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting.
FYI: And could Europe do anything differently?
Note: The Trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals.
Important: Anthony Geary, ‘General Hospital’ Actor, Dies at 78 in Amsterdam
FYI: It feels like losing our safety all over again.”
Groupwords that share a common thread.
FYI: Murdo Fraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts.
Tip: The violence only got worse.
Remember: A court has now found him guilty of national security crimes.
BrettSmiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
the face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
HE DIDN’T KNOW HOW FAR THEY WOULD GO.
Tip: Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees.
How teh Pandemic Lockdowns Changed a Songbird’s Beak
rob and michele reiner’s son nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
teh strike action marks teh latest disruption for teh museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island!
FYI: Hong Kong Media Tycoon’s Conviction Was Years in the Making
The security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members!
his supporters say that sending him to uganda puts him at risk.
Important: The Trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals.
Remember: Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert.
FYI: “He was incredibly kind, funny, and smart.
Remember: Seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday.
Doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday?
Clips  showed  a  person  in  dark  clothing  walking  briskly  and  alone  on  a  sidewalk  not  far  from  the  university  campus  in  Providence,  the  capital  of  Rhode  Island.
Important: Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”!
ManchesterUnited lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford.
Note: Manchester United lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford.
Remember: Murdo Fraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts.
REINER SEEN ARGUING WITH SON AT CONAN O’BRIEN PARTY ON EVE OF HIS DEATH
13 GIFTS THAT COST (ALMOST) NOTHING
This followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case!
FYI: However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
Theoldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
“Ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said!
Tip: Two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday.
Heng Guan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps.
Important: EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult".
Important: Share stories with the Guardian securely and confidentially
Note: After the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action.
Anannual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes.
Important: To mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other.
FYI: Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot.
Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm adn hand.
Note: Get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters.
play connections: sports edition
Note: Bret Stephens on the Fight for the Future of the Right
Anthony Geary, ‘General Hospital’ Actor, Dies at 78 in Amsterdam
Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot!
paul doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children
"It seems to me taht [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
FYI: German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who hosted the discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on Monday, saying "this is the first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
Tip: Seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday.
THE FACE OF THE MAN WHO OFFICIALS BELIEVE KILLED TWO STUDENTS WAS NOT VISIBLE IN NEWLY RELEASED FOOTAGE, BUT THEY HOPED HE MIGHT STILL BE RECOGNIZED.
Important: The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
FYI: The data centers used for work on A.I.
Note: To mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other.
Aldridge  suffered  a  “de-gloving”  injury  to  her  right  thigh,  where  the  skin  and  soft  tissue  was  torn  away  and  for  which  she  is  still  receiving  treatment.
AnthonyGeary, ‘General Hospital’ Actor, Dies at 78 in Amsterdam
Note: Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery.
Hong Kong Media Tycoon’s Conviction Was Years in the Making
In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation?
manchester united lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against bournemouth at old trafford.
After the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action?
FYI: "It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
Chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president.
Important: And could Europe do anything differently?
the 52 best breakup lines (said in real life)
Important: “We are asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference.
I am scarred for life,” she said.
Tip: Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
Important: Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
Important: The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
FYI: Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
Greaney  said  Doyle  was  a  “man  in  a  rage  whose  anger  had  completely  taken  hold  of  him”  as  he  ploughed  further  into  the  crowd,  accelerating  as  people  collided  with  his  car.
I AM SCARRED FOR LIFE,” SHE SAID.
Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S.
Thenext presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within Trump’s coalition suggest the jockeying to succeed Trump is well under way
Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded!
The 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory?
Note: I am scarred for life,” she said.
Doyle  injured  134  people,  including  more  than  50  who  needed  hospital  treatment,  in  his  “sickening”  seven-minute  rampage  on  26  May,  the  court  was  told.
Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
Note: Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor adn a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
FYI: The two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered.
But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on teh issue of teh Donbas.
at least 70 homes have been inundated in safi's old city centre, officials say.
Narges  Mohammadi  told  her  family  in  a  phone  call  that  she  was  beaten  on  the  head  and  neck  by  plainclothes  agents  in  Mashhad  last  week.
reiner seen arguing with son at conan o’brien party on eve of his death
While there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point?
share stories with the guardian securely and confidentially
The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them!
Note: Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia.
“Sometimesyou head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
Thejustice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament.
Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular!
In his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted teh WTA player of teh year for teh second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
The Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
He added that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
Tip: What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work?
Note: Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X.
The atmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday!
Tip: The atmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday.
FYI: Gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor.
FYI: Trump Administration Begins Program to Increase Government’s Tech Worker Ranks
FYI: Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes.
Important: Academics say the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable.
Important: In his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
FYI: Of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
OVER THE WEEKEND MORE THAN A MILLION UKRAINIAN HOUSEHOLDS WERE LEFT WITHOUT ELECTRICITY FOLLOWING A BARRAGE OF STRIKES.
Note: A program for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate.
Spy Chief Warns of Acute Russia Threat: The ‘Front Line Is Everywhere’
FYI: Flew 110 Tons of Aid to Darfur.
Remember: This followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
The  Panicked  Moments  When  a  Beach  Celebration  Became  a  ‘War  Zone’
Tip: Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
Remember: A Love Story That Changed Movie History
“Teddy will never be the same again; I will never be the same again.
Tip: Doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday.
The US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification!
“Ella  was  known  for  her  bold,  brave,  and  kind  heart  as  she  served  her  chapter  and  fellow  classmates,”  he  said.
At least one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94)?
Important: In a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain.
Speakingfrom the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
Tip: Soldiers and Translator Killed in Syria Are Identified
Tip: While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
“Teddy will never be teh same again; I will never be teh same again.
teh 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in teh former British territory.
“Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal form this tragedy.”
Messi's India tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him.
Note: What Happens if You Refuse to Recognize That We Are in a Death Spiral
Remember: The 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory.
GROUP WORDS THAT SHARE A COMMON THREAD.
The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented?
Tip: The next presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within Trump’s coalition suggest the jockeying to succeed Trump is well under way
Note: Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians.
Important: Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X.
Place  every  domino  in  the  right  spot.
Note: While there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point.
Tip: Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
13 Gifts taht Cost (Almost) Nothing
Important: What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work?
Tip: Gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor.
ZELENSKY SAID ON MONDAY THAT THERE WAS NOT A "SINGLE FUNCTIONING POWER STATION" THAT HAD NOT BEEN ATTACKED BY THE RUSSIANS.
Jimmy Lai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers!
Remember: In a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain.
Share stories with the Guardian securely adn confidentially
Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack teh country again.
One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee?
FYI: Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery.
Tip: David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour.
Tip: Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period.
BBC Sport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager?
An annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes?
Remember: “Teddy will never be the same again; I will never be the same again.
The  strike  action  marks  the  latest  disruption  for  the  museum  after  a  jewel  theft  and  water  damage.
Remember: Umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry.
“We  have  a  murderer  out  there,”  Neronha  said  at  a  press  conference.
DOYLE, FROM CROXTETH IN LIVERPOOL, HELD HIS HEAD IN HIS HANDS AND SOBBED IN THE DOCK THROUGHOUT THE FIRST DAY OF SENTENCING.
Note: A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons.
the violence only got worse.
What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work!
The  Trump  administration  cut  the  program’s  funding  over  diversity  goals.
The individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon!
Note: Spy Chief Warns of Acute Russia Threat: The ‘Front Line Is Everywhere’
Note: “Teddy will never be the same again; I will never be the same again.
Tip: He Tried to Protect His Son From Bullies.
The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way!
“He  was  incredibly  kind,  funny,  and  smart.
MANCHESTER UNITED LOSE THE LEAD THREE TIMES IN AN EXTRAORDINARY 4-4 THRILLER AGAINST BOURNEMOUTH AT OLD TRAFFORD.
The defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims?
Authorities said late Sunday taht a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
FYI: Rob Reiner’s Life in Pictures
In  films  like  “A  Few  Good  Men,”  the  director’s  ideas  of  honor  and  morality  were  stated  as  plainly  as  could  be.
FYI: Durham Academy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded.
This followed teh release from custody by teh authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in teh case.
MARTIN BERTAO, PRESIDENT OF COLLEGE REPUBLICANS OF AMERICA, POSTED A STATEMENT FROM THE GROUP TO X.
At  least  one  million  tickets  for  the  2028  Olympics  in  Los  Angeles  will  be  priced  at  $28  (£20.94).
His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” adn “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
A police officer described the noise as “sickening”?
Important: US officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever".
Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes.
THE COLDPLAY SINGER LANDS BY HELICOPTER TO PLAY AT A WEDDING IN STAFFORDSHIRE.
Two were killed, along with an American civilian interpreter.
Remember: To mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other.
Remember: The Panicked Moments When a Beach Celebration Became a ‘War Zone’
Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland?
Remember: Manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, with suspect considered armed and dangerous
"It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
USofficials said that if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
US OFFICIALS DESCRIBED THE SECURITY GUARANTEES ON OFFER AS THE "PLATINUM STANDARD", BUT CAUTIONED THE DEAL "WOULD NOT BE ON THE TABLE FOREVER".
Tip: The European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan.
AFTER HIS SON WAS REPEATEDLY ATTACKED, RICK KUEHNER REACHED OUT TO HIS SUBURBAN SCHOOL, TO THE POLICE AND TO OTHER PARENTS.
Remember: But Will It Reach Those in Need?
Tip: Manchester United lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford.
“We are asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference.
Important: The other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said.
to mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other.
A former Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard?
THE VIOLENCE ONLY GOT WORSE.
Note: It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
Messi'sIndia tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him.
Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy.
“Sometimes you head in one direction, adn then you have to regroup adn go in another, adn that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas!
“we have a murderer out there,” neronha said at a press conference.
Note: Share stories with the Guardian securely and confidentially
Remember: What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work?
A PROGRAM FOR DEAFBLIND CHILDREN HELPED ANNIE GARNER, 3, LEARN TO COMMUNICATE.
While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved?
KAROLINE LEAVITT, THE WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY, ALSO POSTED CONDOLENCES TO X, SAYING IN PART: “THERE ARE NO WORDS.
Tip: Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
Remember: The shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops.
Note: Can cost tens of billions to build.
WhenDoyle was dragged into a police van through a swarm of angry football fans, he told officers: “I’ve just ruined my family’s life.”
Remember: Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period.
Twomen toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community.
Remember: The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
teh police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against teh surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by teh police.
RUSSIA MOSTLY OCCUPIES THE REGION AND IT WANTS KYIV TO HAND IT OVER IN ITS ENTIRETY, WHICH UKRAINE IS STAUNCHLY REFUSING TO DO.
Gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor.
As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”!
guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
THE SHOOTING ATTACK IN PALMYRA, SYRIA, ON SATURDAY STRUCK IOWA NATIONAL GUARD TROOPS.
FYI: He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family.
Tip: Controlling Blood Sugar Cut Heart Disease Risk in Half, Study Says
Remember: Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son.
Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances!
reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like when harry met sally, stand by me and misery.
Remember: "It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
Tip: Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
FYI: Wants to Deport Him to Uganda.
Tip: Place every domino in the right spot.
Remember: A program for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate.
the 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former british territory.
The  next  presidential  election  may  seem  a  long  way  off,  but  current  frictions  within  Trump’s  coalition  suggest  the  jockeying  to  succeed  Trump  is  well  under  way
MEDETOMIDINE, A VETERINARY SEDATIVE MIXED INTO FENTANYL, HAS SENT THOUSANDS TO HOSPITALS, NOT ONLY FOR OVERDOSES BUT FOR LIFE-THREATENING WITHDRAWAL.
Tip: The data centers used for work on A.I.
Paul  Greaney  KC,  prosecuting,  warned  those  in  Liverpool  crown  court  on  Monday  that  the  footage  from  Doyle’s  Ford  Galaxy  was  “truly  shocking”.
“Sometimes you head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over teh last 24 hours or so.”
Important: The US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification.
TheTimes offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
Australian Leader Pledges Stricter Gun Laws After Deadly Bondi Shooting
Note: While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
FYI: The talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
The Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire.
A13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
Note: David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour.
the european union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to sudan.
Tip: He added that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among teh victims.
Tip: From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
How the Pandemic Lockdowns Changed a Songbird’s Beak
Note: The Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire.
FYI: One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
Remember: Anthony Geary, ‘General Hospital’ Actor, Dies at 78 in Amsterdam
in a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain.
Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday taht the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
THE NEXT STEPS FOR GAZA
Remember: He Tried to Protect His Son From Bullies.
Wants to Deport Him to Uganda?
Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot?
Tip: The police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
Remember: The violence only got worse.
Important: The European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan.
FYI: Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal.
FYI: Australian Leader Pledges Stricter Gun Laws After Deadly Bondi Shooting
Group  words  that  share  a  common  thread.
Note: Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said.
Doyle, form Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
I am scarred for life,” she said!
Important: A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said.
"But  we're  doing  the  work,  and  we  still  have  some  days,"  she  added.
FYI: The couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday.
A former Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard!
FYI: The security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members.
US officials said that if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
Tip: The shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops.
LATER THIS WEEK, EU COUNTRIES WILL BE VOTING ON A PLAN TO SEND €90BN (£78.6BN) WORTH OF FROZEN RUSSIAN ASSETS HELD IN A BELGIUM-BASED FINANCIAL INSTITUTION TO PROP UP UKRAINE'S ECONOMY.
Important: Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
Thefamily of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
Note: Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky described the meeting as "productive" but not easy.
The Trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals!
Remember: Trump’s Dated Strategy Is Putting Us on a Path to World War III
Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing?
Tip: Ukraine Claims First Strike by Underwater Drone on Russian Submarine
Tip: The FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved.
A tribunal has ruled that teh nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
A CEASE-FIRE IS MOSTLY HOLDING, BUT TOUGH ISSUES REMAIN, INCLUDING THE FATE OF HAMAS WEAPONS.
FOR ECOLOGISTS, THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC PRESENTED A REMARKABLE NATURAL EXPERIMENT IN WHAT CAN HAPPEN TO WILD ANIMALS WHEN HUMANS STAY HOME.
Thehistoric change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
Important: “He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
A  13-year-old  boy,  who  cannot  be  named,  was  diagnosed  with  post-traumatic  stress  disorder  and  sustained  injuries  that  forced  him  to  miss  months  of  sport.
Monday was teh 349th day of teh year.
FYI: The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday.
Tip: Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told.
Tip: Thinking of her family and friends, especially her parents.”
After  Rob  Reiner  met  Michele  Singer,  the  director  felt  inspired  to  rework  the  ending  of  “When  Harry  Met  Sally.”
Note: Controlling Blood Sugar Cut Heart Disease Risk in Half, Study Says
Note: The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns adn two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
The video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon.
FYI: Is Said to Agree to Ukraine Security Guarantee in Peace Talks
However,Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
Reinerwas known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery.
“Some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney?
Flew 110 Tons of Aid to Darfur.
THE STRIKE ACTION MARKS THE LATEST DISRUPTION FOR THE MUSEUM AFTER A JEWEL THEFT AND WATER DAMAGE.
The  52  Best  Breakup  Lines  (Said  in  Real  Life)
Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from teh university campus in Providence, teh capital of Rhode Island.
A tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case!
The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds form a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press.
The  defendant  could  be  heard  shouting  “fuck’s  sake  move!
From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
Seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday.
Important: Group words that share a common thread.
BBC  Sport  assesses  Spurs'  struggles  under  their  new  manager.
Spy Chief Warns of Acute Russia Threat: teh ‘Front Line Is Everywhere’
Important: The couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday.
Tech  giants  are  finding  ways  to  avoid  being  on  the  hook  for  some  of  those  costs.
Note: How the Pandemic Lockdowns Changed a Songbird’s Beak
FYI: The justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament.
a former royal marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard.
a group of linguists are asking prime minister carney to ditch british english in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride".
David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat form Scottish Labour.
Note: Group words that share a common thread.
Tip: German Chancellor Friedrich Merz, who hosted the discussions, struck a similar tone earlier on Monday, saying "this is the first time a ceasefire is conceivable."
While US officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal!
Remember: For ecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
us officials said that if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
HeRecorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs.
The police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police!
Tip: The Trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals.
FYI: Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
TWO GUNMEN INVOLVED IN THE ATTACK HAVE BEEN IDENTIFIED BY THE AUSTRALIAN AUTHORITIES AS A FATHER AND SON.
Important: What Happens if You Refuse to Recognize That We Are in a Death Spiral
An annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes!
Thinking  of  her  family  and  friends,  especially  her  parents.”
Tip: What Happens if You Refuse to Recognize That We Are in a Death Spiral
teh FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to teh case being solved.
Tip: Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting.
Note: The next presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within Trump’s coalition suggest the jockeying to succeed Trump is well under way
Tip: Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
Reiner  was  known  for  his  activism  as  well  as  favourites  like  When  Harry  Met  Sally,  Stand  by  Me  and  Misery.
“WE HAVE A MURDERER OUT THERE,” NERONHA SAID AT A PRESS CONFERENCE.
“He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, adn was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
teh security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members.
Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot.
The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way?
13 gifts that cost (almost) nothing
Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia!
Russia  mostly  occupies  the  region  and  it  wants  Kyiv  to  hand  it  over  in  its  entirety,  which  Ukraine  is  staunchly  refusing  to  do.
Note: Rob Reiner Made Clear What He Believed In, Onscreen and Off
Important: The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday.
Thinking of her family adn friends, especially her parents.”
But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas?
The Next Steps for Gaza
Clipsshowed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
Bret Stephens on the Fight for the Future of the Right
One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled teh war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
Important: Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal.
TheColdplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire.
FYI: Jimmy Lai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers.
Remember: Overcrowding problems at Barlinnie Prison's are not likely to disappear due to erly release and the building of new prisons.
messi's india tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him.
doyle, from croxteth in liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
how tech’s biggest companies are offloading the risks of the a.i.
Tip: A tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
Gaspswere heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor.
Flew 110 Tons of Aid to Darfur?
The data centers used for work on A.I?
trial starts for judge accused of helping undocumented immigrant evade agents
Remember: The data centers used for work on A.I.
"But we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added?
in his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” uk inquiry.
Remember: "It's a huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable".
Remember: The European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan.
Note: Victims of Paul Doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through the air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “Fucking hell, move!”
authorities said late sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a hampton inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
Important: After Rob Reiner met Michele Singer, the director felt inspired to rework the ending of “When Harry Met Sally.”
After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police adn to other parents.
HE TRIED TO PROTECT HIS SON FROM BULLIES.
FYI: The Next Steps for Gaza
Important: "I think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
teh two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at teh elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered.
many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
“We have a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference?
teh Times offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented!
Tip: The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
teh US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification.
Remember: It feels like losing our safety all over again.”
The  new  clips  and  stills  unveiled  on  Monday  evening  appeared  to  showed  the  person  wearing  a  hat  or  winter  head  covering  that  came  down  over  their  ears  and  covered  the  lower  part  of  their  face.
FYI: The Trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals.
Later  this  week,  EU  countries  will  be  voting  on  a  plan  to  send  €90bn  (£78.6bn)  worth  of  frozen  Russian  assets  held  in  a  Belgium-based  financial  institution  to  prop  up  Ukraine's  economy.
paul greaney kc, prosecuting, warned those in liverpool crown court on monday that the footage from doyle’s ford galaxy was “truly shocking”.
Thedata centers used for work on A.I.
FYI: Two were killed, along with an American civilian interpreter.
Important: Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
Tip: The prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs.
Ofthe nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
Note: Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
SOLDIERS AND TRANSLATOR KILLED IN SYRIA ARE IDENTIFIED
Several  European  leaders,  as  well  as  European  Commission  President  Ursula  von  der  Leyen,  will  join  further  talks  with  the  Ukrainian  and  US  delegations  on  Monday  evening.
A FORMER ROYAL MARINE WAS A “MAN IN A RAGE” AS HE MOWED DOWN DOZENS OF LIVERPOOL FOOTBALL CLUB FANS AT A VICTORY PARADE IN WHAT MANY FEARED WAS A TERRORIST ATTACK, A COURT HAS HEARD.
Trump Administration Begins Program to Increase Government’s Tech Worker Ranks
Victim  Remembered  as  a  Scholar  Who  Was  Always  Willing  to  Help
Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on teh head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
Note: A court has now found him guilty of national security crimes.
Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular?
Important: New York Times Opinion and Maisie Cowell
Tip: Hong Kong Media Tycoon’s Conviction Was Years in the Making
He Recorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs!
Note: Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes.
Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
Wants  to  Deport  Him  to  Uganda.
Important: The 52 Best Breakup Lines (Said in Real Life)
Note: The two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered.
it showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
"but we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added.
is said to agree to ukraine security guarantee in peace talks
Trump’s Dated Strategy Is Putting Us on a Path to World War III
Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees?
manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus saturday, with suspect considered armed and dangerous
In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation!
At least 70 homes have been inundated in Safi's old city centre, officials say!
How many words can you make with 7 letters!
Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks adn a fear of crowded spaces.
Solve  this  bite-sized  puzzle  in  just  a  few  minutes.
The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car withe an 11-year-old boy and two others.
FYI: A group of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride".
Scotland's  last  operational  plant,  at  Torness  in  East  Lothian,  is  scheduled  to  cease  operating  in  2030.
teh oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under teh car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
Ukraine  Claims  First  Strike  by  Underwater  Drone  on  Russian  Submarine
Note: The defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
Note: Trump Seizes on Reiner’s Death to Attack the Hollywood Director
World  number  one  Aryna  Sabalenka  is  voted  the  WTA  player  of  the  year  for  the  second  successive  season  after  winning  four  titles  in  2025.
Note: Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland.
To mark teh winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around teh world for their most striking parting words to each other.
Lawyersrepresenting victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry.
Note: Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide.
Important: Durham Academy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded.
Remember: Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
Note: The Times offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by uzbekistan’s foreign ministry.
Is Said to Agree to Ukraine Security Guarantee in Peace Talks
Howmany words can you make with 7 letters?
AT LEAST 70 HOMES HAVE BEEN INUNDATED IN SAFI'S OLD CITY CENTRE, OFFICIALS SAY.
For  ecologists,  the  Covid-19  pandemic  presented  a  remarkable  natural  experiment  in  what  can  happen  to  wild  animals  when  humans  stay  home.
It showed teh father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of teh way as he blasted teh vehicle’s horn.
Note: In a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain.
Tip: Meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting.
The two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered!
The defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move?
Tip: The Next Steps for Gaza
FROM CROWD VIOLENCE ON DAY ONE TO MEETING CRICKET ROYALTY AND KICKABOUTS WITH KIDS - WHAT HAPPENED ON LIONEL MESSI'S GOAT TOUR OF INDIA.
"I think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal!
A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport!
The police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face?
Rob and Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward!
FYI: Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
FYI: Even then Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard.
“Wecame to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
Get clued in with wordplay, every day.
Tip: Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
Tip: He Recorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs.
Important: Over the weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
Of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
Ben  Stokes  asks  his  England  team  to  “show  a  bit  of  dog”  in  the  crucial  third  Ashes  Test  against  Australia  in  Adelaide.
FYI: But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas.
Trump  Administration  Begins  Program  to  Increase  Government’s  Tech  Worker  Ranks
after rob reiner met michele singer, the director felt inspired to rework the ending of “when harry met sally.”
clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in providence, the capital of rhode island.
MurdoFraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts.
what impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work?
As  bodies  lay  on  the  ground,  Doyle’s  rampage  was  brought  to  a  halt  by  a  former  soldier,  Dan  Barr,  who  climbed  into  a  rear  passenger  seat  and  held  the  car’s  gear  selector  in  “park”.
Tip: Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
MANY WERE “HAUNTED” BY THAT DAY, SUFFERING SLEEPLESS NIGHTS, FLASHBACKS, PANIC ATTACKS AND A FEAR OF CROWDED SPACES.
Aretired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean.
PLACE EVERY DOMINO IN THE RIGHT SPOT.
World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
Inher first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation.
While there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point!
Remember: While there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point.
What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work?
Realising that is deeply painful?
The shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops?
FYI: "It's a huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable".
Important: Born Deaf and Blind, She’s Caught in Trump’s Anti-Diversity Crusade
“SOMETIMES YOU HEAD IN ONE DIRECTION, AND THEN YOU HAVE TO REGROUP AND GO IN ANOTHER, AND THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT HAS HAPPENED OVER THE LAST 24 HOURS OR SO.”
FYI: After the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action.
Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert?
Tip: Murdo Fraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts.
flew 110 tons of aid to darfur.
USofficials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever".
FYI: A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean.
HOW TECH’S BIGGEST COMPANIES ARE OFFLOADING THE RISKS OF THE A.I.
To mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other?
On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine?
Remember: The government has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
FYI: From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
The  family  of  Allan  Marshall  want  to  make  it  mandatory  that  the  recommendations  of  fatal  accident  inquiries  are  implemented.
FYI: Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians.
"Butwe're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added.
Tip: After the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, Madelaine Thomas decided to take action.
After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents.
sophomore killed in attack described as ‘a bright light’
BBC SPORT ASSESSES SPURS' STRUGGLES UNDER THEIR NEW MANAGER.
FYI: "But we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added.
ALove Story That Changed Movie History
The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
Note: A former Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard.
Syrian-Born Australian Who Tackled Bondi Gunman Hailed as Hero
Important: Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
Murdo  Fraser  had  threatened  legal  action  after  Police  Scotland  recorded  one  of  his  social  media  posts.
Howthe Pandemic Lockdowns Changed a Songbird’s Beak
Tip: Paul Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children
ACADEMICS SAY THE ACORN PROJECT IN ABERDEENSHIRE IS FACING DIFFICULTIES, BUT THE COMPANY INSISTS IT IS VIABLE.
FYI: In a statement read to court, the 43-year-old described how she had taken her 22-year-old daughter for a day out in the city but now lived in constant pain.
choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes.
from crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on lionel messi's goat tour of india.
JIMMY LAI SPENT DECADES CRITICIZING CHINA’S RULERS.
Note: Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
an annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes.
Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes!
Note: Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
WhatHappens if You Refuse to Recognize That We Are in a Death Spiral
The  two  students  who  died  in  Saturday’s  tragedy  at  the  elite  Ivy  League  university  in  Rhode  Island  were  being  remembered.
Martin  Bertao,  president  of  College  Republicans  of  America,  posted  a  statement  from  the  group  to  X.
Important: He Tried to Protect His Son From Bullies.
Important: Flew 110 Tons of Aid to Darfur.
Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide.
Remember: From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
Over teh weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
NewYork Times Opinion and Maisie Cowell
Remember: Academics say the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable.
A GROUP OF LINGUISTS ARE ASKING PRIME MINISTER CARNEY TO DITCH BRITISH ENGLISH IN OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS, SAYING IT IS A MATTER OF "PRIDE".
the trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals.
FYI: Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S.
Medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal!
Remember: The police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided withe his car.
Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on teh hook for some of those costs.
Important: The Associated Press contributed reporting
Important: Manchester United lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford.
Note: Gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor.
A Love Story That Changed Movie History
Important: He Didn’t Know How Far They Would Go.
A  retired  US  vice  admiral  talks  through  the  military  equipment  sent  to  the  island  in  recent  months,  and  what  the  build  up  could  mean.
Tip: But getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
Worldnumber one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
Note: But now that feeling has been taken away.
FYI: What Happens if You Refuse to Recognize That We Are in a Death Spiral
The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others!
Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences!
Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways form 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
the prime minister is set to visit scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his mps.
Twogunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son.
While US officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal?
Note: The prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs.
Tip: A group of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride".
FYI: Paul Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children
Note: “Sometimes you head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
Tip: The historic change to Scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory taht the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how teh issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
"I  think  we're  closer  now  than  we  have  been,  ever,"  he  said,  referring  to  reaching  a  peace  deal.
even then doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard.
However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”?
The couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday?
UMURZOKOV’S IDENTITY WAS CONFIRMED BY UZBEKISTAN’S FOREIGN MINISTRY.
Agroup of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride".
Remember: What Happens if You Refuse to Recognize That We Are in a Death Spiral
Note: Their bodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon.
Remember: Controlling Blood Sugar Cut Heart Disease Risk in Half, Study Says
A police officer described teh noise as “sickening”.
Note: Scotland's last operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030.
Even  then  Doyle  kept  his  foot  on  the  accelerator,  the  court  heard.
teh next presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within Trump’s coalition suggest teh jockeying to succeed Trump is well under way
FYI: David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour.
Tip: Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
Note: Trial Starts for Judge Accused of Helping Undocumented Immigrant Evade Agents
Remember: As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son?
FYI: The US officials said Washington was now willing to submit a security package for Senate ratification.
Remember: Venture Capital Firms Are Raising Loads More Money
His  mother,  Sheree  Aldridge,  said  in  a  statement  read  to  court  that  she  felt  “disfigured”  and  “robbed  of  the  memories”  of  maternity  leave.
murdo fraser had threatened legal action after police scotland recorded one of his social media posts.
Important: But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas.
Rob Reiner’s Life in Pictures
Remember: The defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
A former Royal Marine was a “man in a rage” as he mowed down dozens of Liverpool football club fans at a victory parade in what many feared was a terrorist attack, a court has heard.
A group of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride".
“Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], adn the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
Note: In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
SPY CHIEF WARNS OF ACUTE RUSSIA THREAT: THE ‘FRONT LINE IS EVERYWHERE’
GET OUT MY FUCKING WAY!” BEFORE PLOUGHING INTO SCREAMING SUPPORTERS.
Important: I am scarred for life,” she said.
Remember: David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour.
The two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered?
Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand?
US officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever"!
Gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor?
“Teddy will never be the same again; I will never be the same again?
Hehad big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family.
FYI: Recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates.
FYI: A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said.
FYI: What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work?
He added that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues?
Videos adn eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X?
Reiner  Seen  Arguing  With  Son  at  Conan  O’Brien  Party  on  Eve  of  His  Death
FYI: The defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
The police do not haev an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
Umurzokov’s  identity  was  confirmed  by  Uzbekistan’s  foreign  ministry.
Share stories withe the Guardian securely and confidentially
Tip: Trump’s Dated Strategy Is Putting Us on a Path to World War III
of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said christina paxson, brown’s president.
Eventhen Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard.
AT LEAST ONE MILLION TICKETS FOR THE 2028 OLYMPICS IN LOS ANGELES WILL BE PRICED AT $28 (£20.94).
The other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said.
Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk"?
FYI: Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
Remember: US officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever".
Tip: While US officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
fruit shop owner ahmed al ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand.
Manhunt  continues  for  killer  of  two  students  on  campus  Saturday,  with  suspect  considered  armed  and  dangerous
IT FEELS LIKE LOSING OUR SAFETY ALL OVER AGAIN.”
His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave!
teh individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, teh Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
Venture  Capital  Firms  Are  Raising  Loads  More  Money
Seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday!
He  said  the  weapon  used  in  the  shooting  was  a  9mm  handgun.
Important: A court has now found him guilty of national security crimes.
Hesaid the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun.
Remember: Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
The FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved?
teh defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
He Tried to Protect His Son From Bullies!
Flew  110  Tons  of  Aid  to  Darfur.
FYI: US officials said that if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
“He was incredibly kind, funny, adn smart.
the "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on nato's article 5 clause of mutual protection, us officials said, adding that the russians would hopefully agree to them.
A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons!
THE POLICE SAID THAT THEY EXPECTED TO BRING CRIMINAL CHARGES AGAINST THE SURVIVING SUSPECT, WHO IS IN A COMA AFTER BEING SHOT BY THE POLICE.
A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed withe post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
Tip: Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery.
Remember: The justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament.
Important: For ecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
Note: Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period.
After Rob Reiner met Michele Singer, teh director felt inspired to rework teh ending of “When Harry Met Sally.”
FYI: 13 Gifts that Cost (Almost) Nothing
Tip: Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
while there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the donbas remains a major sticking point.
Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances?
Note: The police said that they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
Tip: Rob Reiner’s Life in Pictures
The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy adn two others.
Important: The person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
Remember: The atmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday.
Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in teh engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during teh school’s final exam period.
Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, teh court was told.
Remember: Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told.
A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries taht forced him to miss months of sport.
Oppositionparties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
FYI: Rob and Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder.
Wants to Deport Him to Uganda.
Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting teh position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
A  cease-fire  is  mostly  holding,  but  tough  issues  remain,  including  the  fate  of  Hamas  weapons.
FYI: This followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
Choices over oil, gas, nuclear adn the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate adn battle for votes.
The person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands?
A tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case?
Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into teh crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
Important: The 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory.
HE SAID THE WEAPON USED IN THE SHOOTING WAS A 9MM HANDGUN.
bbc sport assesses spurs' struggles under their new manager.
the gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the associated press.
New  York  Times  Opinion  and  Maisie  Cowell
teh defendant bowed his head and wept as teh court heard of teh serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by teh victims.
Doyleinjured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told.
The Panicked Moments When a Beach Celebration Became a ‘War Zone’
Manchester United lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford?
Tip: The video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon.
syrian-born australian who tackled bondi gunman hailed as hero
I  am  scarred  for  life,”  she  said.
FYI: For ecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
Important: Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
Important: The atmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday.
Important: Thinking of her family and friends, especially her parents.”
Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs.
“sometimes you head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour!
Meanwhile, teh authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in teh deadly shooting.
TrialStarts for Judge Accused of Helping Undocumented Immigrant Evade Agents
four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert.
FYI: A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons.
plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India?
The violence only got worse?
Realising  that  is  deeply  painful.
ON SUNDAY, ZELENSKY SIGNALLED FOR THE FIRST TIME THAT AS A "COMPROMISE" HE WOULD GIVE UP AMBITIONS TO JOIN NATO IN EXCHANGE FOR STRONG GUARANTEES.
Important: Realising that is deeply painful.
Important: A tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
“he was incredibly kind, funny, and smart.
Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
The52 Best Breakup Lines (Said in Real Life)
After Rob Reiner met Michele Singer, the director felt inspired to rework the ending of “When Harry Met Sally.”
“Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from thsi tragedy.”
Of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president!
Note: Lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry.
FYI: The violence only got worse.
Mondaywas the 349th day of the year.
Solvethis bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
Tip: Is Said to Agree to Ukraine Security Guarantee in Peace Talks
VictimRemembered as a Scholar Who Was Always Willing to Help
Remember: Chile has become the latest country in the region to elect a right-wing president.
WHEN DOYLE WAS DRAGGED INTO A POLICE VAN THROUGH A SWARM OF ANGRY FOOTBALL FANS, HE TOLD OFFICERS: “I’VE JUST RUINED MY FAMILY’S LIFE.”
Important: How many words can you make with 7 letters?
THE 78-YEAR-OLD BECAME A LEADING FIGURE ADVOCATING DEMOCRACY IN THE FORMER BRITISH TERRITORY.
Important: Lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry.
Butgetting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge.
OF THE NINE HURT, ONE STUDENT WAS RELEASED FROM THE HOSPITAL, SAID CHRISTINA PAXSON, BROWN’S PRESIDENT.
Tip: Even then Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard.
Remember: How the Pandemic Lockdowns Changed a Songbird’s Beak
Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
A  Powerful  New  Drug  Is  Creating  a  ‘Withdrawal  Crisis’  in  Philadelphia
The prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs?
The  talks  in  Berlin  come  at  a  crucial  time  for  Ukraine,  which  is  enduring  its  fourth  winter  of  war  amid  sustained  power  cuts  caused  by  Russia's  attacks  on  its  energy  facilities.
Remember: Victim Remembered as a Scholar Who Was Always Willing to Help
Remember: New York Times Opinion and Maisie Cowell
THE GUN VIOLENCE ARCHIVE, A NON-PARTISAN RESOURCE, DEFINES MASS SHOOTINGS AS ONES IN WHICH FOUR OR MORE VICTIMS ARE WOUNDED OR KILLED.
Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, withe some fans criticising his style of play.
The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them?
A court has now found him guilty of national security crimes.
Tip: Wants to Deport Him to Uganda.
Remember: However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
FYI: Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand.
A  six-month-old  boy,  Teddy  Eveson,  was  “extraordinarily”  uninjured  despite  being  left  lying  on  the  road  when  Doyle’s  car  hit  his  pushchair,  Greaney  said.
Tip: “Sometimes you head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
FYI: Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
Important: Sophomore Killed in Attack Described as ‘a Bright Light’
THE FAMILY OF ALLAN MARSHALL WANT TO MAKE IT MANDATORY THAT THE RECOMMENDATIONS OF FATAL ACCIDENT INQUIRIES ARE IMPLEMENTED.
Donald Macaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed!
Thedefendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
Note: Syrian-Born Australian Who Tackled Bondi Gunman Hailed as Hero
Note: One woman, Anna Bilonozhenko, had fled the war in Ukraine only to be attacked in Liverpool when Doyle drove into her, fracturing her knee.
LAW ENFORCEMENT THAT RAIDED THE HOTEL RECOVERED TWO HANDGUNS AND TWO LOADED 30-ROUND MAGAZINES WHEN THE INITIAL PERSON OF INTEREST WAS TAKEN INTO CUSTODY, THE NEWS AGENCY REPORTED.
Australian  Leader  Pledges  Stricter  Gun  Laws  After  Deadly  Bondi  Shooting
To mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other!
Fromcrowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
Tip: However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
Note: The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
FYI: Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son.
Tip: US officials said that if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at teh site of teh former oil refinery and across Scotland.
Plans to reduce teh national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
heng guan fled to the united states and released rare video evidence of the camps.
Umurzokov’sidentity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry.
The Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire?
NEW YORK TIMES OPINION AND MAISIE COWELL
TRIAL STARTS FOR JUDGE ACCUSED OF HELPING UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANT EVADE AGENTS
FYI: The video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon.
FOUR PEOPLE ARE FACING CONSPIRACY CHARGES AFTER THEY WERE APPREHENDED WHILE PLANNING TO TEST EXPLOSIVES IN THE DESERT.
on friday, eu governments agreed to immobilise the russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to ukraine.
Note: Anthony Geary, ‘General Hospital’ Actor, Dies at 78 in Amsterdam
Durham Academy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded!
teh talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
Scotland's last operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030?
NickReiner Has Spoken Openly About His Struggles
The FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved.
The Trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals.
“We came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said?
The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage?
Tip: After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents.
Note: "But we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added.
Remember: It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
Note: He added that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and teh transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in teh debate and battle for votes.
after the humiliation of clients leaking her intimate images, madelaine thomas decided to take action.
Murdo Fraser had threatened legal action after Police Scotland recorded one of his social media posts.
Trump’sDated Strategy Is Putting Us on a Path to World War III
Remember: Trump Administration Begins Program to Increase Government’s Tech Worker Ranks
SCOTLAND'S LAST OPERATIONAL PLANT, AT TORNESS IN EAST LOTHIAN, IS SCHEDULED TO CEASE OPERATING IN 2030.
Tip: A Love Story That Changed Movie History
Tip: Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
Note: Heng Guan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps.
Important: The Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
Note: Venture Capital Firms Are Raising Loads More Money
SOLVE THIS BITE-SIZED PUZZLE IN JUST A FEW MINUTES.
FYI: Seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday.
Manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, with suspect considered armed adn dangerous
their bodies were found in their home on sunday afternoon.
Hong Kong Media Tycoon’s Conviction Was Years in teh Making
Important: Controlling Blood Sugar Cut Heart Disease Risk in Half, Study Says
Important: Get clued in with wordplay, every day.
HIS MOTHER, SHEREE ALDRIDGE, SAID IN A STATEMENT READ TO COURT THAT SHE FELT “DISFIGURED” AND “ROBBED OF THE MEMORIES” OF MATERNITY LEAVE.
Aspeace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind?
Theface of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
UkraineClaims First Strike by Underwater Drone on Russian Submarine
The  Kremlin  said  it  expected  the  US  to  provide  it  with  the  "concept"  discussed  on  Monday.
A  program  for  deafblind  children  helped  Annie  Garner,  3,  learn  to  communicate.
Note: But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas.
Thestrike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that teh footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
Tip: Monday was the 349th day of the year.
OVERCROWDING PROBLEMS AT BARLINNIE PRISON'S ARE NOT LIKELY TO DISAPPEAR DUE TO ERLY RELEASE AND THE BUILDING OF NEW PRISONS.
"it seems to me that [the us and ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," zelensky said.
Note: Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
The  Associated  Press  contributed  reporting
Note: How many words can you make with 7 letters?
Remember: He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family.
Note: Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
Tip: Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
Note: The video clips were recorded before the shooting, the authorities said, on Saturday afternoon.
Police Share New Images of Man Sought in Deadly Shooting at Brown
Seven  others  were  in  critical  but  stable  condition,  and  one  was  in  critical  condition,  police  said  on  Sunday.
Remember: Opposition parties have accused Angela Constance of misrepresenting the position of a leading expert on grooming gangs.
The violence only got worse!
“Teddy  will  never  be  the  same  again;  I  will  never  be  the  same  again.
teh couple's son is in custody after teh couple was found dead in their home on Sunday.
THIS FOLLOWED THE RELEASE FROM CUSTODY BY THE AUTHORITIES OF A PREVIOUS PERSON OF INTEREST WHO HAD INITIALLY BEEN DETAINED IN THE CASE.
Note: Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
AS PEACE TALKS CONTINUE IN BERLIN, WHAT - IF ANYTHING - COULD POTENTIALLY CHANGE PUTIN'S MIND?
A RETIRED US VICE ADMIRAL TALKS THROUGH THE MILITARY EQUIPMENT SENT TO THE ISLAND IN RECENT MONTHS, AND WHAT THE BUILD UP COULD MEAN.
Remember: Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal.
Important: Victim Remembered as a Scholar Who Was Always Willing to Help
Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released?
The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday?
Remember: Plans to reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
"It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said?
Note: Trump’s Dated Strategy Is Putting Us on a Path to World War III
Note: EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult".
Tip: How the Pandemic Lockdowns Changed a Songbird’s Beak
Remember: Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot.
FYI: It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn.
Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by teh Russians.
Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery adn across Scotland.
Two were killed, along with an American civilian interpreter?
Jimmy Lai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers.
Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland!
THE TIMES OFFERS SEVERAL WAYS TO SEND IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONFIDENTIALLY ›
recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how holyrood operates.
Remember: The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
BEN STOKES ASKS HIS ENGLAND TEAM TO “SHOW A BIT OF DOG” IN THE CRUCIAL THIRD ASHES TEST AGAINST AUSTRALIA IN ADELAIDE.
The  police  said  that  they  expected  to  bring  criminal  charges  against  the  surviving  suspect,  who  is  in  a  coma  after  being  shot  by  the  police.
Meanwhile,the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting.
Note: Doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday.
FYI: Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
Venture Capital Firms Are Raising Loads More Money
“We have a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference!
FYI: A police officer described the noise as “sickening”.
Details  haven't  been  shared,  but  last  week  Zelensky  said  the  points  should  be  seen  as  a  "foundation"  on  which  to  build  provisions  for  the  reconstruction  of  Ukraine  and  security  guarantees.
THE NEW CLIPS AND STILLS UNVEILED ON MONDAY EVENING APPEARED TO SHOWED THE PERSON WEARING A HAT OR WINTER HEAD COVERING THAT CAME DOWN OVER THEIR EARS AND COVERED THE LOWER PART OF THEIR FACE.
CONTROLLING BLOOD SUGAR CUT HEART DISEASE RISK IN HALF, STUDY SAYS
Remember: Gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor.
Doyle,  54,  is  due  to  be  sentenced  on  Tuesday  after  pleading  guilty  on  the  first  day  of  his  trial  last  month  to  31  offences  against  21  adults  and  eight  children.
Note: Authorities said late Sunday that a 24-year-man arrested in a raid at a Hampton Inn about 17 miles from the campus earlier in the day was being released.
Note: Hong Kong Media Tycoon’s Conviction Was Years in the Making
Important: The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
while us officials talked up progress in berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
FYI: He Tried to Protect His Son From Bullies.
Donald  Macaskill,  the  chief  executive  of  Scottish  Care,  told  BBC  Scotland  a  measured  approach  was  needed.
Tip: The justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament.
The Trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals?
Note: Paul Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children
FYI: Spy Chief Warns of Acute Russia Threat: The ‘Front Line Is Everywhere’
Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children?
US officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever".
A  court  has  now  found  him  guilty  of  national  security  crimes.
WhileUS officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
Acease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons.
FYI: Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
Victims of Paul Doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through the air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “Fucking hell, move!”
FYI: The 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory.
Gasps were heard in court when the footage showed the infant on the floor!
The face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
Important: Rob Reiner’s Life in Pictures
Remember: Can cost tens of billions to build.
HowTech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I.
TWO WERE KILLED, ALONG WITH AN AMERICAN CIVILIAN INTERPRETER.
FYI: The next presidential election may seem a long way off, but current frictions within Trump’s coalition suggest the jockeying to succeed Trump is well under way
Remember: The talks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering taht came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
But now that feeling has been taken away?
Tip: Of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
Andcould Europe do anything differently?
FYI: Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years?
i am scarred for life,” she said.
Remember: The Next Steps for Gaza
ButWill It Reach Those in Need?
When  Doyle  was  dragged  into  a  police  van  through  a  swarm  of  angry  football  fans,  he  told  officers:  “I’ve  just  ruined  my  family’s  life.”
"IT SEEMS TO ME THAT [THE US AND UKRAINE] SO FAR HAVE DIFFERENT POSITIONS, TO BE HONEST," ZELENSKY SAID.
Two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday.
Remember: Greaney said Doyle was a “man in a rage whose anger had completely taken hold of him” as he ploughed further into the crowd, accelerating as people collided with his car.
He said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun?
Remember: In his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
Tip: Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland.
Important: Of the nine hurt, one student was released from the hospital, said Christina Paxson, Brown’s president.
Note: A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said.
FYI: The Times offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
Note: Durham Academy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded.
Remember: Even then Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard.
New York Times Opinion and Maisie Cowell
FYI: Over the weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes.
CLIPS SHOWED A PERSON IN DARK CLOTHING WALKING BRISKLY AND ALONE ON A SIDEWALK NOT FAR FROM THE UNIVERSITY CAMPUS IN PROVIDENCE, THE CAPITAL OF RHODE ISLAND.
Important: "It's a huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable".
durham academy, a private k-12 school in durham, north carolina, said kendall turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded.
HIS SUPPORTERS SAY THAT SENDING HIM TO UGANDA PUTS HIM AT RISK.
The data centers used for work on A.I.
for ecologists, the covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
“Weare asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference.
Important: Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes.
Tip: “Our prayers are with her family, our Brown [College Republicans], and the entirety of the campus as they heal from this tragedy.”
As peace talks continue in Berlin, what - if anything - could potentially change Putin's mind!
NICK REINER HAS SPOKEN OPENLY ABOUT HIS STRUGGLES
Russia mostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do?
The defendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
Note: Even then Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard.
“he always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
SEVERAL EUROPEAN LEADERS, AS WELL AS EUROPEAN COMMISSION PRESIDENT URSULA VON DER LEYEN, WILL JOIN FURTHER TALKS WITH THE UKRAINIAN AND US DELEGATIONS ON MONDAY EVENING.
Remember: Jonathan Henick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website.
A woman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney.
KarolineLeavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words.
Manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, withe suspect considered armed and dangerous
Important: A woman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney.
Important: Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
While  US  officials  talked  up  progress  towards  ending  the  war,  there  was  little  detail  on  how  the  thorny  issue  of  Ukraine's  sovereignty  would  be  resolved  in  any  peace  deal.
FYI: In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
The  individual  is  considered  likely  to  be  armed  and  dangerous,  the  Rhode  Island  attorney  general,  Peter  Neronha,  earlier  told  a  reporter  for  CNN  on  Monday  afternoon.
Thesecurity guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members.
Important: The FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved.
He Didn’t Know How Far They Would Go!
People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years!
However, Greaney said the dashcam footage demonstrated that Doyle “just lost his temper in his desire to get to where he wanted to get to”.
Note: Videos and eyewitness accounts reveal how Australia's worst mass shooting in nearly three decades unfolded.
Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again?
AFTER THE HUMILIATION OF CLIENTS LEAKING HER INTIMATE IMAGES, MADELAINE THOMAS DECIDED TO TAKE ACTION.
He  added  that  Kyiv  needed  a  "clear  understanding  of  security  guarantees"  before  it  could  make  any  decisions  about  other  contentious  issues.
Remember: Flew 110 Tons of Aid to Darfur.
Guess teh 5-letter word with 6 chances.
Tip: Lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry.
Important: Even then Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard.
Note: US officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever".
THE ATMOSPHERE ON CAMPUS AND IN THE NEW ENGLAND CITY REMAINED ONE OF FEAR AND INTENSE VIGILANCE ON MONDAY.
HE RECORDED CHINA’S DETENTION OF UYGHURS.
FYI: Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims.
Tip: Messi's India tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him.
“WE ARE ASKING THE PUBLIC FOR ASSISTANCE,” PROVIDENCE POLICE CHIEF OSCAR PEREZ SAID AT THE PRESS CONFERENCE.
Heng Guan fled to teh United States and released rare video evidence of teh camps.
However,  Greaney  said  the  dashcam  footage  demonstrated  that  Doyle  “just  lost  his  temper  in  his  desire  to  get  to  where  he  wanted  to  get  to”.
Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks withe the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
zelensky said on monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the russians.
A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said!
Even then Doyle kept his foot on teh accelerator, teh court heard.
The atmosphere on campus and in the New England city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on Monday?
Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
SpyChief Warns of Acute Russia Threat: The ‘Front Line Is Everywhere’
Videos  and  eyewitness  accounts  reveal  how  Australia's  worst  mass  shooting  in  nearly  three  decades  unfolded.
Important: US officials said that if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
But getting supplies to the areas with the most dire need is an enormous challenge!
FYI: US officials described the security guarantees on offer as the "platinum standard", but cautioned the deal "would not be on the table forever".
Tip: Syrian-Born Australian Who Tackled Bondi Gunman Hailed as Hero
Remember: Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
Note: “Some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
Important: The shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops.
FYI: A court has now found him guilty of national security crimes.
"It's a huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable"?
Remember: His supporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk.
Note: Trump Administration Begins Program to Increase Government’s Tech Worker Ranks
teh new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed teh person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered teh lower part of their face.
Remember: He Recorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs.
FYI: “We are asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference.
Note: How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I.
Authorities say two rabbis, a Holocaust survivor and a 10-year-old girl were among the victims!
on sunday, zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
Remember: Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand.
Two students were killed adn another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday.
Important: Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
Remember: The prime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs.
Two were killed, along withe an American civilian interpreter.
Remember: Karoline Leavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words.
Important: “Some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
Tip: Many were “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
Note: Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son.
MEANWHILE, THE AUTHORITIES RELEASED SEVERAL EXCERPTS OF VIDEO FOOTAGE OF A FRESH PERSON OF INTEREST WANTED IN THE DEADLY SHOOTING.
Remember: Paul Greaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
A woman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney!
Durham Academy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded?
jimmy lai spent decades criticizing china’s rulers.
he recorded china’s detention of uyghurs.
Remember: Sophomore Killed in Attack Described as ‘a Bright Light’
“He  always  lent  a  helping  hand  to  anyone  in  need  without  hesitation,  and  was  the  most  kind-hearted  person  our  family  knew.
Many are asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
Over the weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes?
Medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal?
Remember: Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
Peoplewho brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
Reiner Seen Arguing With Son at Conan O’Brien Party on Eve of His Death
FLEW 110 TONS OF AID TO DARFUR.
As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat adn held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
FYI: How many words can you make with 7 letters?
He added that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues!
Monday was the 349th day of the year?
martin bertao, president of college republicans of america, posted a statement from the group to x.
Thegovernment has been cracking down on the rentals firm as neighbourhoods protest against holiday lets.
Two gunmen involved in the attack haev been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son.
Note: The person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands.
Note: As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
But getting supplies to teh areas with teh most dire need is an enormous challenge.
TheUS has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin with European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
What impact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work.
The FBI announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to the case being solved!
get clued in with wordplay, every day.
Important: The defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
Karoline Leavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words.
THE FBI ANNOUNCED A $50,000 REWARD FOR INFORMATION LEADING TO THE CASE BEING SOLVED.
Even then Doyle kept his foot on the accelerator, the court heard?
Important: While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
Note: “He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky and European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
Tip: “He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
TWO MEN TOTING LONG GUNS OPENED FIRE ON HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE WHO WERE CELEBRATING HANUKKAH ON BONDI BEACH IN SYDNEY, THE CORE OF THE CITY’S JEWISH COMMUNITY.
Bret Stephens on teh Fight for teh Future of teh Right
police share new images of man sought in deadly shooting at brown
Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine adn security guarantees.
“ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said.
Over the weekend more than a million Ukrainian households were left without electricity following a barrage of strikes!
teh other person killed was MukhammadAziz Umurzokov, an Uzbek national in his first year of studies at teh university, family members said.
Remember: Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
Jimmy  Lai  spent  decades  criticizing  China’s  rulers.
Brett  Smiley,  Providence’s  mayor,  acknowledged:  “We  know  that  this  is  likely  to  cause  fresh  anxiety  for  our  community”.
Tip: His supporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk.
Plans  to  reduce  the  national  speed  limit  on  single  carriageways  from  60mph  to  50mph  were  unpopular.
Important: It feels like losing our safety all over again.”
FYI: As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
Remember: He said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun.
jonathan henick, us ambassador to uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website.
Remember: A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said.
Rob and Michele Reiner’s son Nick, 32, is being held without bail on suspicion of their murder?
Remember: Share stories with the Guardian securely and confidentially
AUSTRALIAN LEADER PLEDGES STRICTER GUN LAWS AFTER DEADLY BONDI SHOOTING
but will it reach those in need?
Cook was remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday!
nick reiner has spoken openly about his struggles
rangers edge a close contest with hibernian to climb above motherwell into the scottish premiership's third spot.
The person was not visibly carrying anything in their hands!
Manywere “haunted” by that day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
Important: While US officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
Remember: A tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
THE SECURITY GUARANTEES FOR KYIV RESEMBLE THOSE FOR NATO MEMBERS.
Important: Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
Remember: Ukraine Claims First Strike by Underwater Drone on Russian Submarine
Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, teh group said.
Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community?
Can cost tens of billions to build?
FYI: Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
Note: Flew 110 Tons of Aid to Darfur.
Tip: The individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
Can cost tens of billions to build!
After  his  son  was  repeatedly  attacked,  Rick  Kuehner  reached  out  to  his  suburban  school,  to  the  police  and  to  other  parents.
On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees!
The US has said it is ready to offer Ukraine Nato-like security guarantees to safeguard an eventual ceasefire, following talks in Berlin withe European officials and a delegation from Kyiv.
GET CLUED IN WITH WORDPLAY, EVERY DAY.
“We are asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference!
Afterhis son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents.
And could Europe do anything differently.
Tip: Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
the new clips and stills unveiled on monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
“SOME AT THE SCENE THOUGHT THAT WHAT WAS TAKING PLACE WAS A TERRORIST ATTACK,” SAID GREANEY.
FYI: A tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
Wants to Deport Him to Uganda!
Negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia.
BUT NOW THAT FEELING HAS BEEN TAKEN AWAY.
Remember: Zelensky said on Monday that there was not a "single functioning power station" that had not been attacked by the Russians.
Remember: Place every domino in the right spot.
FYI: A Love Story That Changed Movie History
Tip: “Ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said.
Messi's India tour had a chaotic start after angry fans in Kolkata damaged a stadium after failing to catch a glimpse of him?
How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I!
Remember: Meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting.
Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert!
Get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters?
Tip: Tottenham have lost as many league games as they have won this season under Thomas Frank, with some fans criticising his style of play.
Remember: While US officials talked up progress in Berlin, there was little detail on how the issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved.
Speaking from the White House, US President Donald Trump said he had spoken to Zelensky adn European leaders, describing it as a "very good talk".
Up  to  460  roles  are  expected  to  be  created  at  the  site  of  the  former  oil  refinery  and  across  Scotland.
Theprime minister is set to visit Scotland later, but there are murmurings of discontent among his MPs.
Important: “We have a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference.
Remember: Nick Reiner Has Spoken Openly About His Struggles
FYI: He added that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
Important: Place every domino in the right spot.
BretStephens on the Fight for the Future of the Right
THE DEFENDANT COULD BE HEARD SHOUTING “FUCK’S SAKE MOVE!
Heng  Guan  fled  to  the  United  States  and  released  rare  video  evidence  of  the  camps.
Monday was the 349th day of the year!
Hong  Kong  Media  Tycoon’s  Conviction  Was  Years  in  the  Making
ON FRIDAY, EU GOVERNMENTS AGREED TO IMMOBILISE THE RUSSIAN ASSETS INDEFINITELY - BUT THERE IS NO CONSENSUS YET ON WHETHER THEY CAN BE SENT TO UKRAINE.
FYI: Get clued in with wordplay, every day.
FYI: A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
Tip: Two were killed, along with an American civilian interpreter.
Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement form the group to X.
Remember: In her first public speech as head of MI6, Blaise Metreweli said Russia was trying to export chaos to Europe through hybrid attacks and disinformation.
Important: This followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
Nick  Reiner  Has  Spoken  Openly  About  His  Struggles
Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told?
Asbodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
Lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry?
he said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun.
Tip: A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
This followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family!
Negotiators  are  attempting  to  hammer  out  a  peace  proposal  that  could  be  acceptable  to  Russia.
The face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized?
the kremlin said it expected the us to provide it with the "concept" discussed on monday.
It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn!
Important: The Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire.
Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal?
VICTIMS OF PAUL DOYLE WEPT AS DASHCAM FOOTAGE SHOWED BODIES SPINNING THROUGH THE AIR AS HE ACCELERATED INTO CROWDS WHILE SCREAMING: “FUCKING HELL, MOVE!”
The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding taht the Russians would hopefully agree to them.
Important: Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide.
PLAY CONNECTIONS: SPORTS EDITION
Two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday?
The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press!
OPPOSITION PARTIES HAVE ACCUSED ANGELA CONSTANCE OF MISREPRESENTING THE POSITION OF A LEADING EXPERT ON GROOMING GANGS.
BUT WILL IT REACH THOSE IN NEED?
Realising that is deeply painful!
FYI: The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them.
He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family?
his mother, sheree aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
Thetwo students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered.
Sophomore  Killed  in  Attack  Described  as  ‘a  Bright  Light’
SeveralEuropean leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian and US delegations on Monday evening.
The  gunman  opened  fire  inside  a  classroom  in  the  engineering  building  on  Saturday  afternoon,  firing  more  than  40  rounds  from  a  9mm  handgun,  a  law  enforcement  official  told  the  Associated  Press.
Tip: But now that feeling has been taken away.
Note: Reiner Seen Arguing With Son at Conan O’Brien Party on Eve of His Death
Techgiants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs.
Cook was remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday?
Academics say the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable?
The violence only got worse.
NEGOTIATORS ARE ATTEMPTING TO HAMMER OUT A PEACE PROPOSAL THAT COULD BE ACCEPTABLE TO RUSSIA.
The new clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face!
spy chief warns of acute russia threat: the ‘front line is everywhere’
Durham Academy, a private K-12 school in Durham, North Carolina, said Kendall Turner, a recent graduate, was among those critically wounded.
“He was incredibly kind, funny, and smart!
TOTTENHAM HAVE LOST AS MANY LEAGUE GAMES AS THEY HAVE WON THIS SEASON UNDER THOMAS FRANK, WITH SOME FANS CRITICISING HIS STYLE OF PLAY.
HeTried to Protect His Son From Bullies.
teh police do not have an identity of teh person of interest or clear images of teh person’s face.
Remember: "I think we're closer now than we have been, ever," he said, referring to reaching a peace deal.
Important: Syrian-Born Australian Who Tackled Bondi Gunman Hailed as Hero
Remember: But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas.
Remember: A Powerful New Drug Is Creating a ‘Withdrawal Crisis’ in Philadelphia
To mark the winter holidays — an especially popular time to break up — we asked people around the world for their most striking parting words to each other.
The  US  officials  said  Washington  was  now  willing  to  submit  a  security  package  for  Senate  ratification.
Note: From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
The European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan!
EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged teh discussions were "increasingly difficult".
Remember: The 52 Best Breakup Lines (Said in Real Life)
Remember: After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents.
Tip: The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press.
Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head adn neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
THE JUSTICE SECRETARY IS FACING CALLS TO RESIGN AFTER BEING ACCUSED OF MISLEADING THE SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT.
Russia mostly occupies the region adn it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
Remember: Lawyers representing victims say it is “shocking” there has never been a “full-scale” UK inquiry.
the justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the scottish parliament.
Get  clued  in  with  wordplay,  every  day.
Realisingthat is deeply painful.
The shooting attack in Palmyra, Syria, on Saturday struck Iowa National Guard troops!
His supporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk?
The security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members.
Ourfamily is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal.
Thenew clips and stills unveiled on Monday evening appeared to showed the person wearing a hat or winter head covering that came down over their ears and covered the lower part of their face.
Brett Smiley, Providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “We know that thsi is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
BBC Sport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager.
Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the GoFundMe appeal.
Tip: A Powerful New Drug Is Creating a ‘Withdrawal Crisis’ in Philadelphia
Tip: The Times offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
THE US OFFICIALS SAID WASHINGTON WAS NOW WILLING TO SUBMIT A SECURITY PACKAGE FOR SENATE RATIFICATION.
The justice secretary is facing calls to resign after being accused of misleading the Scottish Parliament?
SophomoreKilled in Attack Described as ‘a Bright Light’
FYI: “Teddy will never be the same again; I will never be the same again.
Tip: BBC Sport assesses Spurs' struggles under their new manager.
Getout my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters.
NARGES MOHAMMADI TOLD HER FAMILY IN A PHONE CALL THAT SHE WAS BEATEN ON THE HEAD AND NECK BY PLAINCLOTHES AGENTS IN MASHHAD LAST WEEK.
Later thsi week, EU countries will be voting on a plan to send €90bn (£78.6bn) worth of frozen Russian assets held in a Belgium-based financial institution to prop up Ukraine's economy.
Note: Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
CHILE HAS BECOME THE LATEST COUNTRY IN THE REGION TO ELECT A RIGHT-WING PRESIDENT.
FYI: “Some at the scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
He  had  big  dreams  of  becoming  a  neurosurgeon  and  helping  people,”  his  sister,  Samira  Umurzokova,  said  in  a  tribute  on  a  GoFundMe  campaign  meant  to  support  his  family.
Bret  Stephens  on  the  Fight  for  the  Future  of  the  Right
Note: The couple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday.
A retired US vice admiral talks through the military equipment sent to the island in recent months, and what the build up could mean!
Remember: A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including the fate of Hamas weapons.
UKRAINE CLAIMS FIRST STRIKE BY UNDERWATER DRONE ON RUSSIAN SUBMARINE
Doyleis understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday.
Trial  Starts  for  Judge  Accused  of  Helping  Undocumented  Immigrant  Evade  Agents
Tip: Heng Guan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps.
Remember: Russia mostly occupies the region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
THE HISTORIC CHANGE TO SCOTLAND'S LEGAL SYSTEM WILL NOT APPLY TO TRIALS THAT ARE ALREADY UNDER WAY.
David McLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking teh seat from Scottish Labour.
Two  men  toting  long  guns  opened  fire  on  hundreds  of  people  who  were  celebrating  Hanukkah  on  Bondi  Beach  in  Sydney,  the  core  of  the  city’s  Jewish  community.
FYI: Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period.
UKRAINE HAS LONG ARGUED IT NEEDS WATERTIGHT GUARANTEES TO ENSURE THAT RUSSIA RESPECTS ANY CEASEFIRE AND DOES NOT ATTACK THE COUNTRY AGAIN.
FYI: A woman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney.
FYI: I am scarred for life,” she said.
the next steps for gaza
belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
Four  people  are  facing  conspiracy  charges  after  they  were  apprehended  while  planning  to  test  explosives  in  the  desert.
Thedefendant could be heard shouting “fuck’s sake move!
CAN COST TENS OF BILLIONS TO BUILD.
FYI: He Recorded China’s Detention of Uyghurs.
PaulGreaney KC, prosecuting, warned those in Liverpool crown court on Monday that the footage from Doyle’s Ford Galaxy was “truly shocking”.
Remember: The Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
Negotiatorsare attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to Russia.
Remember: "But we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added.
A retired US vice admiral talks through teh military equipment sent to teh island in recent months, and what teh build up could mean.
Medetomidine,  a  veterinary  sedative  mixed  into  fentanyl,  has  sent  thousands  to  hospitals,  not  only  for  overdoses  but  for  life-threatening  withdrawal.
The 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory!
two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the australian authorities as a father and son.
In his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life?
Note: The individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
Meanwhile,  the  authorities  released  several  excerpts  of  video  footage  of  a  fresh  person  of  interest  wanted  in  the  deadly  shooting.
Jonathan Henick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website!
A TRIBUNAL HAS RULED THAT THE NURSE WAS HARASSED BY NHS FIFE - BUT DISMISSED ALL OTHER CLAIMS IN HER CASE.
Remember: Rob Reiner Made Clear What He Believed In, Onscreen and Off
Acourt has now found him guilty of national security crimes.
Note: The family of Allan Marshall want to make it mandatory that the recommendations of fatal accident inquiries are implemented.
Important: From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
Important: Four people are facing conspiracy charges after they were apprehended while planning to test explosives in the desert.
Important: How the Pandemic Lockdowns Changed a Songbird’s Beak
Guess the 5-letter word withe 6 chances.
Whatimpact is our email etiquette having on how we are perceived and even promoted at work?
Controlling  Blood  Sugar  Cut  Heart  Disease  Risk  in  Half,  Study  Says
Doyle,54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
Russia mostly occupies teh region and it wants Kyiv to hand it over in its entirety, which Ukraine is staunchly refusing to do.
Tip: “He was incredibly kind, funny, and smart.
Thecouple's son is in custody after the couple was found dead in their home on Sunday.
FYI: At least one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
Tip: Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said.
Two gunmen involved in the attack have been identified by the Australian authorities as a father and son.
FYI: The Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire.
THE VIDEO CLIPS WERE RECORDED BEFORE THE SHOOTING, THE AUTHORITIES SAID, ON SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
Note: After Rob Reiner met Michele Singer, the director felt inspired to rework the ending of “When Harry Met Sally.”
MartinBertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from the group to X.
FYI: Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland.
Important: After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents.
but moscow and kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the donbas.
Important: As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
Zelensky  said  on  Monday  that  there  was  not  a  "single  functioning  power  station"  that  had  not  been  attacked  by  the  Russians.
Born Deaf and Blind, She’s Caught in Trump’s Anti-Diversity Crusade
Monday  was  the  349th  day  of  the  year.
the other person killed was mukhammadaziz umurzokov, an uzbek national in his first year of studies at the university, family members said.
Remember: EU foreign policy chief Kaja Kallas acknowledged the discussions were "increasingly difficult".
Important: The Times offers several ways to send important information confidentially ›
Note: And could Europe do anything differently?
HengGuan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps.
From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts with kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India!
Tip: A woman tells the BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during the deadly attack on the Jewish community in Sydney.
Note: US officials said that if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
Can  cost  tens  of  billions  to  build.
UKRAINE'S VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY DESCRIBED THE MEETING AS "PRODUCTIVE" BUT NOT EASY.
Important: Australian Leader Pledges Stricter Gun Laws After Deadly Bondi Shooting
teh Panicked Moments When a Beach Celebration Became a ‘War Zone’
Note: Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
Get out my fucking way!” before ploughing into screaming supporters.
FYI: Soldiers and Translator Killed in Syria Are Identified
Syrian-Born  Australian  Who  Tackled  Bondi  Gunman  Hailed  as  Hero
FYI: Group words that share a common thread.
Remember: Clips showed a person in dark clothing walking briskly and alone on a sidewalk not far from the university campus in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island.
realising that is deeply painful.
narges mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in mashhad last week.
THE PERSON WAS NOT VISIBLY CARRYING ANYTHING IN THEIR HANDS.
But  Moscow  and  Kyiv  remain  far  apart  on  the  issue  of  the  Donbas.
FYI: Umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry.
the historic change to scotland's legal system will not apply to trials that are already under way.
Remember: Hong Kong Media Tycoon’s Conviction Was Years in the Making
Important: Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
this followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
AUTHORITIES SAID LATE SUNDAY THAT A 24-YEAR-MAN ARRESTED IN A RAID AT A HAMPTON INN ABOUT 17 MILES FROM THE CAMPUS EARLIER IN THE DAY WAS BEING RELEASED.
Note: Recent emergency measures to fix legislative issues may point to a wider problem in how Holyrood operates.
Important: But now that feeling has been taken away.
A SIX-MONTH-OLD BOY, TEDDY EVESON, WAS “EXTRAORDINARILY” UNINJURED DESPITE BEING LEFT LYING ON THE ROAD WHEN DOYLE’S CAR HIT HIS PUSHCHAIR, GREANEY SAID.
Remember: He added that Kyiv needed a "clear understanding of security guarantees" before it could make any decisions about other contentious issues.
Thisfollowed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
TheAssociated Press contributed reporting
FYI: Aldridge suffered a “de-gloving” injury to her right thigh, where the skin and soft tissue was torn away and for which she is still receiving treatment.
Important: The oldest victim, a 77-year-old woman, suffered multiple fractures after being trapped under the car with an 11-year-old boy and two others.
“TEDDY WILL NEVER BE THE SAME AGAIN; I WILL NEVER BE THE SAME AGAIN.
teh Kremlin said it expected teh US to provide it with teh "concept" discussed on Monday.
After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents?
Medetomidine,a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal.
brett smiley, providence’s mayor, acknowledged: “we know that this is likely to cause fresh anxiety for our community”.
For ecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home!
Tip: Academics say the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable.
FYI: Victims of Paul Doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through the air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “Fucking hell, move!”
Tip: Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand.
IS SAID TO AGREE TO UKRAINE SECURITY GUARANTEE IN PEACE TALKS
He Tried to Protect His Son From Bullies?
our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying the gofundme appeal.
WORLD NUMBER ONE ARYNA SABALENKA IS VOTED THE WTA PLAYER OF THE YEAR FOR THE SECOND SUCCESSIVE SEASON AFTER WINNING FOUR TITLES IN 2025.
Sevenothers were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday.
THE INDIVIDUAL IS CONSIDERED LIKELY TO BE ARMED AND DANGEROUS, THE RHODE ISLAND ATTORNEY GENERAL, PETER NERONHA, EARLIER TOLD A REPORTER FOR CNN ON MONDAY AFTERNOON.
Note: “We are asking the public for assistance,” Providence police chief Oscar Perez said at the press conference.
Manyare asking why more wasn't done to prevent the shootings after a spate of antisemitism-related offences.
"But we're doing the work, and we still have some days," she added.
The police said taht they expected to bring criminal charges against the surviving suspect, who is in a coma after being shot by the police.
portraying luke spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in u.s.
Victims of Paul Doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through teh air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “Fucking hell, move!”
Note: This followed the release from custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
A court has now found him guilty of national security crimes!
FYI: Cook was remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday.
People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death form heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
david mclennan has been elected as a councillor in west lothian, taking the seat from scottish labour.
Tip: Bret Stephens on the Fight for the Future of the Right
Note: The 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory.
born deaf and blind, she’s caught in trump’s anti-diversity crusade
Tip: The security guarantees for Kyiv resemble those for NATO members.
Note: Doyle injured 134 people, including more than 50 who needed hospital treatment, in his “sickening” seven-minute rampage on 26 May, the court was told.
“OUR PRAYERS ARE WITH HER FAMILY, OUR BROWN [COLLEGE REPUBLICANS], AND THE ENTIRETY OF THE CAMPUS AS THEY HEAL FROM THIS TRAGEDY.”
A tribunal has ruled taht the nurse was harassed by NHS Fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
FYI: His mother, Sheree Aldridge, said in a statement read to court that she felt “disfigured” and “robbed of the memories” of maternity leave.
Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S?
ukraine claims first strike by underwater drone on russian submarine
BenStokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide.
Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes!
Scotland's last operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030.
FYI: Karoline Leavitt, the White House press secretary, also posted condolences to X, saying in part: “There are no words.
Remember: “He was incredibly kind, funny, and smart.
Remember: Two students were killed and another nine people injured in the shooting at the Ivy League school on Saturday.
Important: Nine other people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period.
Remember: A 13-year-old boy, who cannot be named, was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained injuries that forced him to miss months of sport.
Nineother people were hurt in Saturday’s attack in the engineering building of Brown’s campus in Providence, during the school’s final exam period.
Remember: The strike action marks the latest disruption for the museum after a jewel theft and water damage.
Remember: Cook was remembered at a church service in Birmingham on Sunday.
IT SHOWED THE FATHER OF THREE SHOUTING “FUCKING PRICKS” AND “FUCKING MOVE” AS HE DROVE TOWARDS HUNDREDS OF FANS, SOME PULLING CHILDREN OUT OF THE WAY AS HE BLASTED THE VEHICLE’S HORN.
A six-month-old boy, Teddy Eveson, was “extraordinarily” uninjured despite being left lying on the road when Doyle’s car hit his pushchair, Greaney said?
Note: Fruit shop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand.
Tip: Nick Reiner Has Spoken Openly About His Struggles
Thetalks in Berlin come at a crucial time for Ukraine, which is enduring its fourth winter of war amid sustained power cuts caused by Russia's attacks on its energy facilities.
Remember: On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time that as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
"It's  a  huge  progress  which  I  welcome  very  much,"  he  said,  describing  Washington's  security  guarantees  as  "remarkable".
negotiators are attempting to hammer out a peace proposal that could be acceptable to russia.
On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise teh Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine.
Ukraine's  Volodymyr  Zelensky  described  the  meeting  as  "productive"  but  not  easy.
In his police interview, teh defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
Note: Jimmy Lai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers.
FYI: Doyle, from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
Important: Their bodies were found in their home on Sunday afternoon.
Remember: Jimmy Lai spent decades criticizing China’s rulers.
Tip: Born Deaf and Blind, She’s Caught in Trump’s Anti-Diversity Crusade
Important: “Ella was known for her bold, brave, and kind heart as she served her chapter and fellow classmates,” he said.
FYI: Controlling Blood Sugar Cut Heart Disease Risk in Half, Study Says
Important: The face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
Remember: A group of linguists are asking Prime Minister Carney to ditch British English in official documents, saying it is a matter of "pride".
FYI: An annual report shows some good, bad and middling aspects of Scottish productivity - and there are no easy or quick fixes.
Doyle,from Croxteth in Liverpool, held his head in his hands and sobbed in the dock throughout the first day of sentencing.
PoliceShare New Images of Man Sought in Deadly Shooting at Brown
The face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized!
Important: While there appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point.
As bodies lay on the ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held the car’s gear selector in “park”.
Fruitshop owner Ahmed al Ahmed, 43, has undergone surgery for bullet wounds to his arm and hand.
Tip: Two men toting long guns opened fire on hundreds of people who were celebrating Hanukkah on Bondi Beach in Sydney, the core of the city’s Jewish community.
While there appears to be significant movement on teh issue of security, teh eastern region of teh Donbas remains a major sticking point.
It showed the father of three shouting “fucking pricks” and “fucking move” as he drove towards hundreds of fans, some pulling children out of the way as he blasted the vehicle’s horn?
Tip: Scotland's last operational plant, at Torness in East Lothian, is scheduled to cease operating in 2030.
Remember: The Trump administration cut the program’s funding over diversity goals.
Note: The data centers used for work on A.I.
Note: “We came to this country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
FYI: After Rob Reiner met Michele Singer, the director felt inspired to rework the ending of “When Harry Met Sally.”
the security guarantees for kyiv resemble those for nato members.
Tip: In films like “A Few Good Men,” the director’s ideas of honor and morality were stated as plainly as could be.
FYI: Manchester United lose the lead three times in an extraordinary 4-4 thriller against Bournemouth at Old Trafford.
Remember: The two students who died in Saturday’s tragedy at the elite Ivy League university in Rhode Island were being remembered.
Remember: Trial Starts for Judge Accused of Helping Undocumented Immigrant Evade Agents
Tip: In his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
Note: Manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, with suspect considered armed and dangerous
Paul  Doyle,  54,  is  due  to  be  sentenced  on  Tuesday  after  admitting  31  offences  against  21  adults  and  eight  children
the atmosphere on campus and in the new england city remained one of fear and intense vigilance on monday.
Note: “We have a murderer out there,” Neronha said at a press conference.
A  group  of  linguists  are  asking  Prime  Minister  Carney  to  ditch  British  English  in  official  documents,  saying  it  is  a  matter  of  "pride".
Jonathan Henick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website?
Tip: Australian Leader Pledges Stricter Gun Laws After Deadly Bondi Shooting
FYI: In his police interview, the defendant claimed he acted in a “blind panic” because he feared for his life.
Lawenforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
FYI: Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.
FYI: But Will It Reach Those in Need?
Important: Soldiers and Translator Killed in Syria Are Identified
teh Gun Violence Archive, a non-partisan resource, defines mass shootings as ones in which four or more victims are wounded or killed.
Remember: The face of the man who officials believe killed two students was not visible in newly released footage, but they hoped he might still be recognized.
Remember: Paul Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after admitting 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children
Tip: A police officer described the noise as “sickening”.
Important: Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland.
the defendant bowed his head and wept as the court heard of the serious psychological, physical and financial difficulties suffered by the victims.
Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure taht Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
Law enforcement that raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported!
It  showed  the  father  of  three  shouting  “fucking  pricks”  and  “fucking  move”  as  he  drove  towards  hundreds  of  fans,  some  pulling  children  out  of  the  way  as  he  blasted  the  vehicle’s  horn.
Two  gunmen  involved  in  the  attack  have  been  identified  by  the  Australian  authorities  as  a  father  and  son.
FYI: “He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
Remember: Up to 460 roles are expected to be created at the site of the former oil refinery and across Scotland.
Remember: Narges Mohammadi told her family in a phone call that she was beaten on the head and neck by plainclothes agents in Mashhad last week.
FYI: Manhunt continues for killer of two students on campus Saturday, with suspect considered armed and dangerous
FYI: “Sometimes you head in one direction, and then you have to regroup and go in another, and that’s exactly what has happened over the last 24 hours or so.”
BornDeaf and Blind, She’s Caught in Trump’s Anti-Diversity Crusade
the police do not have an identity of the person of interest or clear images of the person’s face.
Several European leaders, as well as European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, will join further talks with the Ukrainian adn US delegations on Monday evening.
The atmosphere on campus adn in the New England city remained one of fear adn intense vigilance on Monday.
teh Trump administration cut teh program’s funding over diversity goals.
On Sunday, Zelensky signalled for the first time taht as a "compromise" he would give up ambitions to join Nato in exchange for strong guarantees.
People who brought their blood glucose down to a normal level had a lower risk of death from heart disease or hospitalization for heart failure after 20 years.
Tip: The "very strong" guarantees would be modelled on Nato's Article 5 clause of mutual protection, US officials said, adding that the Russians would hopefully agree to them.
Thinking of her family and friends, especially her parents.”
Remember: Donald Macaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed.
On  Friday,  EU  governments  agreed  to  immobilise  the  Russian  assets  indefinitely  -  but  there  is  no  consensus  yet  on  whether  they  can  be  sent  to  Ukraine.
What Happens if You Refuse to Recognize taht We Are in a Death Spiral
Remember: Rob Reiner’s Life in Pictures
SEVEN OTHERS WERE IN CRITICAL BUT STABLE CONDITION, AND ONE WAS IN CRITICAL CONDITION, POLICE SAID ON SUNDAY.
Tip: The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday.
Important: Doyle is understood to be facing a jail term of more than 10 years when he is sentenced on Tuesday.
Choices over oil, gas, nuclear and the transition to renewables are to set to feature highly in the debate and battle for votes?
On Friday, EU governments agreed to immobilise the Russian assets indefinitely - but there is no consensus yet on whether they can be sent to Ukraine.
FYI: Bret Stephens on the Fight for the Future of the Right
Tottenham  have  lost  as  many  league  games  as  they  have  won  this  season  under  Thomas  Frank,  with  some  fans  criticising  his  style  of  play.
A woman tells teh BBC she acted as a "human shield" for her baby during teh deadly attack on teh Jewish community in Sydney.
Tip: Anthony Geary, ‘General Hospital’ Actor, Dies at 78 in Amsterdam
Important: Umurzokov’s identity was confirmed by Uzbekistan’s foreign ministry.
FYI: Ukraine Claims First Strike by Underwater Drone on Russian Submarine
Remember: The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday.
“Some at teh scene thought that what was taking place was a terrorist attack,” said Greaney.
Tip: Victims of Paul Doyle wept as dashcam footage showed bodies spinning through the air as he accelerated into crowds while screaming: “Fucking hell, move!”
As bodies lay on teh ground, Doyle’s rampage was brought to a halt by a former soldier, Dan Barr, who climbed into a rear passenger seat and held teh car’s gear selector in “park”.
Plansto reduce the national speed limit on single carriageways from 60mph to 50mph were unpopular.
Our family is incredibly devastated by this loss,” Umurzokov’s sister said in a statement accompanying teh GoFundMe appeal.
SOPHOMORE KILLED IN ATTACK DESCRIBED AS ‘A BRIGHT LIGHT’
teh Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire.
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU REFUSE TO RECOGNIZE THAT WE ARE IN A DEATH SPIRAL
He had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, Samira Umurzokova, said in a tribute on a GoFundMe campaign meant to support his family.
Whilethere appears to be significant movement on the issue of security, the eastern region of the Donbas remains a major sticking point.
FYI: Tech giants are finding ways to avoid being on the hook for some of those costs.
GREANEY SAID DOYLE WAS A “MAN IN A RAGE WHOSE ANGER HAD COMPLETELY TAKEN HOLD OF HIM” AS HE PLOUGHED FURTHER INTO THE CROWD, ACCELERATING AS PEOPLE COLLIDED WITH HIS CAR.
FYI: A program for deafblind children helped Annie Garner, 3, learn to communicate.
The  shooting  attack  in  Palmyra,  Syria,  on  Saturday  struck  Iowa  National  Guard  troops.
FYI: He said the weapon used in the shooting was a 9mm handgun.
Meanwhile, the authorities released several excerpts of video footage of a fresh person of interest wanted in the deadly shooting!
FYI: The individual is considered likely to be armed and dangerous, the Rhode Island attorney general, Peter Neronha, earlier told a reporter for CNN on Monday afternoon.
FYI: The gunman opened fire inside a classroom in the engineering building on Saturday afternoon, firing more than 40 rounds from a 9mm handgun, a law enforcement official told the Associated Press.
Note: His supporters say that sending him to Uganda puts him at risk.
SPEAKING FROM THE WHITE HOUSE, US PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP SAID HE HAD SPOKEN TO ZELENSKY AND EUROPEAN LEADERS, DESCRIBING IT AS A "VERY GOOD TALK".
This followed the release form custody by the authorities of a previous person of interest who had initially been detained in the case.
anthony geary, ‘general hospital’ actor, dies at 78 in amsterdam
Important: "It seems to me that [the US and Ukraine] so far have different positions, to be honest," Zelensky said.
Important: Jonathan Henick, US ambassador to Uzbekistan, said he was “deeply saddened” by Umurzokov’s death in a tribute posted to his embassy’s website.
cook was vice-president of brown’s chapter of college republicans of america, the group said.
"It'sa huge progress which I welcome very much," he said, describing Washington's security guarantees as "remarkable".
Rob Reiner Made Clear What He Believed In, Onscreen and Off
“He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was teh most kind-hearted person our family knew.
After his son was repeatedly attacked, Rick Kuehner reached out to his suburban school, to the police and to other parents!
WHILE THERE APPEARS TO BE SIGNIFICANT MOVEMENT ON THE ISSUE OF SECURITY, THE EASTERN REGION OF THE DONBAS REMAINS A MAJOR STICKING POINT.
How Tech’s Biggest Companies Are Offloading the Risks of the A.I.
Over  the  weekend  more  than  a  million  Ukrainian  households  were  left  without  electricity  following  a  barrage  of  strikes.
Remember: At least one million tickets for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be priced at $28 (£20.94).
Note: Soldiers and Translator Killed in Syria Are Identified
Tip: Donald Macaskill, the chief executive of Scottish Care, told BBC Scotland a measured approach was needed.
US  officials  said  that  if  the  economic  free  zone  could  be  defined,  "then  it  will  really  be  up  to  the  parties  to  work  out  the  final  issues  of  sovereignty."
The 52 Best Breakup Lines (Said in Real Life)
Law enforcement taht raided the hotel recovered two handguns and two loaded 30-round magazines when the initial person of interest was taken into custody, the news agency reported.
Portraying Luke Spencer, he was one of the best-known soap opera stars in U.S!
Many  were  “haunted”  by  that  day,  suffering  sleepless  nights,  flashbacks,  panic  attacks  and  a  fear  of  crowded  spaces.
How  many  words  can  you  make  with  7  letters?
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION BEGINS PROGRAM TO INCREASE GOVERNMENT’S TECH WORKER RANKS
“He always lent a helping hand to anyone in need without hesitation, and was the most kind-hearted person our family knew.
Important: Seven others were in critical but stable condition, and one was in critical condition, police said on Sunday.
But Moscow and Kyiv remain far apart on the issue of the Donbas.
DavidMcLennan has been elected as a councillor in West Lothian, taking the seat from Scottish Labour.
Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said teh points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for teh reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees.
Academics say the Acorn project in Aberdeenshire is facing difficulties, but the company insists it is viable!
Belgium has been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
how many words can you make with 7 letters?
To  mark  the  winter  holidays  —  an  especially  popular  time  to  break  up  —  we  asked  people  around  the  world  for  their  most  striking  parting  words  to  each  other.
Remember: US officials said that if the economic free zone could be defined, "then it will really be up to the parties to work out the final issues of sovereignty."
details haven't been shared, but last week zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of ukraine and security guarantees.
Note: While US officials talked up progress towards ending the war, there was little detail on how the thorny issue of Ukraine's sovereignty would be resolved in any peace deal.
FYI: Heng Guan fled to the United States and released rare video evidence of the camps.
new york times opinion and maisie cowell
Two  were  killed,  along  with  an  American  civilian  interpreter.
Remember: He Didn’t Know How Far They Would Go.
Many were “haunted” by taht day, suffering sleepless nights, flashbacks, panic attacks and a fear of crowded spaces.
Remember: And could Europe do anything differently?
Tip: Rangers edge a close contest with Hibernian to climb above Motherwell into the Scottish Premiership's third spot.
The Kremlin said it expected the US to provide it with the "concept" discussed on Monday.
Belgiumhas been resisting the legally contentious proposal, and in recent days other countries, including Italy, have said "alternative options" should be put forward.
teh 52 Best Breakup Lines (Said in Real Life)
From crowd violence on day one to meeting cricket royalty and kickabouts withe kids - what happened on Lionel Messi's GOAT Tour of India.
Forecologists, the Covid-19 pandemic presented a remarkable natural experiment in what can happen to wild animals when humans stay home.
Martin Bertao, president of College Republicans of America, posted a statement from teh group to X.
Doyle, 54, is due to be sentenced on Tuesday after pleading guilty on the first day of his trial last month to 31 offences against 21 adults and eight children.
teh European Union has mounted an “air bridge” effort to Sudan.
“We came to thsi country because of the war in our homeland, hoping to finally feel safe,” Bilonozhenko said.
A cease-fire is mostly holding, but tough issues remain, including teh fate of Hamas weapons.
Important: World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
The 78-year-old became a leading figure advocating democracy in the former British territory.
a tribunal has ruled that the nurse was harassed by nhs fife - but dismissed all other claims in her case.
TWO STUDENTS WERE KILLED AND ANOTHER NINE PEOPLE INJURED IN THE SHOOTING AT THE IVY LEAGUE SCHOOL ON SATURDAY.
Note: Details haven't been shared, but last week Zelensky said the points should be seen as a "foundation" on which to build provisions for the reconstruction of Ukraine and security guarantees.
HONG KONG MEDIA TYCOON’S CONVICTION WAS YEARS IN THE MAKING
he had big dreams of becoming a neurosurgeon and helping people,” his sister, samira umurzokova, said in a tribute on a gofundme campaign meant to support his family.
The Coldplay singer lands by helicopter to play at a wedding in Staffordshire!
Note: Medetomidine, a veterinary sedative mixed into fentanyl, has sent thousands to hospitals, not only for overdoses but for life-threatening withdrawal.
Remember: World number one Aryna Sabalenka is voted the WTA player of the year for the second successive season after winning four titles in 2025.
Remember: Spy Chief Warns of Acute Russia Threat: The ‘Front Line Is Everywhere’
Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again.
Ben Stokes asks his England team to “show a bit of dog” in the crucial third Ashes Test against Australia in Adelaide!
teh data centers used for work on A.I.
Ukraine has long argued it needs watertight guarantees to ensure that Russia respects any ceasefire and does not attack the country again!
Cook was vice-president of Brown’s chapter of College Republicans of America, the group said?
On  Sunday,  Zelensky  signalled  for  the  first  time  that  as  a  "compromise"  he  would  give  up  ambitions  to  join  Nato  in  exchange  for  strong  guarantees.
Important: Is Said to Agree to Ukraine Security Guarantee in Peace Talks
Reiner was known for his activism as well as favourites like When Harry Met Sally, Stand by Me and Misery?
